musical awareness: great big beautiful tomorrow has an ending, now is the time does not.
on radio786 100;4fm 7:10 fri oct 19 labour analyst shawn hattingh: cosatu's role in the context of unrest in the mining.
kapan sih lo ngebuktiin,jan ngomong doang susah susah;usaha aja blm udh nyerah,inget;if you never try you'll never know;cowok kok gentle bgt.
tomorrow come and hear  debate "navigating the new higher education market" 5;30pm, jurys inn #cpc12.
excuse the connectivity of this live stream, from baba amr, so many activists using only one sat modem; live  #homs.
show your love for your local field &amp; it might win an award; gallagher park #bedlington current 4th in national award.
can you tell me when an update for the apple tv 3rd gen becomes available;the missing update holds me back from buying #appletv3.
the crown, filthy mcnastys, katy dalys or the duke if york in belfast;can't wait to catch you guys tomorrow night!
uncover the eternal city;return flights to rome travel on the 21st january, for 3 nights augustea, 3 star hotel.
my #cre blog oklahoma per square foot returns to the  blog hub tomorrow; i will have some interesting local data to share.
" loads from sb; talks with chester continue; no deals 4 out of contract players 'til jan; dev t roth ,coops to chest'ld #hcafc".
w;o;w wednesday;arni lands this lumberjack vest for the ladies looking to bring a little tom boy toughness.
activists in deir ezzor captured this image of musab bin umair mosque after regime forces set it on fire wednesday.
you will appreciate this; sunday brunch coffee: normal cup in b/g and then the bowl of java; yowza.
join me wed for a live webcast on cost optimization for it, for the smb crowd;   &lt;&lt; send your questions in;#dellwebcast.
that was the revelation i mentioned on sunday evening; i am still in abj; how are u &amp; where have u been again?
kim hyung jun - football team the 2nd a match at yeongdeungpo-gu daerimdong [12;10;27] credit : tlxhah #6.
the audio booth is ready to blow the roof off the comcast center tomorrow;are you;#mdmadness.
just seen  at radio city and now get to see then again on the 28th;so excited.
i may or may not be jumping around the lounge to some random boy band on mtv hits.
whos trying to go to buenos aires with me february 23rd;armin van buuren &amp; carl cox;;how does it get better.
just bought tickets to see george groves and ricky burns fight in december, can't wait.
looks like im going to the uga vs; ole miss game on saturday, #hottytoddy.
for international women's day, let's not forget trans*women and those who don't follow the gender binary!
looks like we'll be getting an extended look at gerald green, saturday; running w/ the starters in practice w/ dg out.
also, just want to remind all our band folks the deadline is approaching submit to sxsw 2013- get it in by nov 7th!
texas ranked no; 4 in latest avca poll, minnesota is no; 14 so make your plans to watch this thursday and friday at gregory gym live.
sicily may form grand coalition, italian udc party leader: (agi) rome - on monday rocco buttiglione, the leader .
i condemned both the measures but relating it to religion is cheap; if done in jan then holi, if done now, then diwali.
the john hancock building is lit up green, must be to celebrate that tomorrow is six months to st patricks day :) let the countdown begin &lt;3.
can it get much better than three tv's saturday night with ws g3, um @ neb and nd @ ou all going at the same time?
check out party on the plaza outside of gregory gym tomorrow from 10am-5pm and meet representatives from  over 200.
i got that drank i mix that lean ;i throw the money up and then i walk on green ;kirko bangz got a hit and i was shitting on him at 1st.
preview: los angeles galaxy vs; vancouver whitecaps: thursday night marks the first;  #soccer #local_to #education.
college football picks: saturday parlay: the pac-12, the big ten, and the southeastern conference all have intri.
just in: apple announced the iphone 5 wednesday at the yerba buena center in san francisco; rumors leading up to.
fuck i have the sats tomorrow.
nhl lockout: sidney crosby in town as talks set to begin thursday afternoon: players are gathering at the nhlpa.
oo nga eh :( may picture sana ako with prepix.
a rumor popped out about an  concert in kyiv this february; i wonder how true that is; i'm so going if it's true, though.
thursday night football on cbs college sports live from walton stadium - put your black on and get the red out!
october 29th 2012: neil degrasse tyson &amp; michio kaku launch a covert mission deep into the heart of italy to rescue incarcerated scientists.
let's see whatcha got and you could win an ipad hd;submit your deep creek lake area photos before this wednesday,.
njea teacher's convention_ nov 8th &amp; 9th in atlantic city has been cancelled for the 1st time in its 158-year history.
if you're around on saturday, go see  and  at stubb's battle of the bands; proceeds go to invisible children.
blueberry muffins last night, brownies tonight, oreo balls wednesday;i'm done.
definitely wish i could catch this tomorrow night; dare night: lockdown  at the gladstone hotel.
dad just said if obama wins on tuesday he is moving to cuba #dontknowwhatyourtalkingbout #butok.
when i am king, kendrick lamar &amp; anna kendrick will wed and he will be forced to take her name, thereby making him kendrick kendrick.
funding received from coe to organise national seminar on state of youth work in uk 15 &amp; 16 nov at dmu; inbox if u can add value to it.
just because the sun isn't out doesn't mean you can't get your tan on ;come by hollywood tans and check out the specials .
it is the apple tv's form factor; 1st gen, but still apple tv;:d  how about ios with camera tracking on a 60" tv?
1st major league hr for jose iglesias extends the sox lead to 4-1 in the top of the 9th.
trey burke suspended for the men's basketball team's exhibition game tomorrow:.
jan, i just spoke to joe zellner &amp; smb team, they are fine; we even had two couples who went ahead with their weddings today :).
i love robert griffin the 3rd ;:).
several  games with indy implications sat; msu vs mich and neb vs nw results may determine a driver in the crowded legends race.
center stage with mark gordon live tues; at 7pm (pst) on kxlu los angeles, 88;9 fm and  feat; interviews with filmmakers.
march 8th is international women's day;april 1st should be international men's day where they would brag 24/7 like any other day of the year.
as heartbreaking as ole miss was, i can live with it;  put it down, and i can't wait to see him saturday;#wps.
- you know what the holidays alright went hilton hotel with the girls on sat had a laugh and that what about you.
feeling sick happy i don't have to take the sats tomorrow.
remember our screening with members from invisible children is this wednesday, september 12th from 7 to 815 pm at culler hall 046 for free!
if you're grandmother is your sister, you may be a #redneck; sorry, i sounded like jeff foxworthy; please don't block me.
mt  #syria, deir ezzor: mohammed al-saleh was martyred due to the shelling of the city; tuesday, 9 october.
chicago bulls; :-) and yes, im watching it; dreams to come true; :-) :-) :-) to make it more sweeter, 2nd.
please be advised that round 5 of the eastern province special stage rally championship, scheduled for the 8th of.
the sun is shining over the #uoncareersroadshow at sb; fingers crossed for tomorrow at the exchange building, jc from 11am.
it's smash project's 2nd monthsary today;i think that's reason enough to vote and request to make endlessly number one today;:).
hi martina - am at st; patrick's tomorrow for 10:30 mass;  hope to see you then.
"cao cao may have his zhang liao, but i can match him with my friend gan ning;" - sun quan.
can't wait to see my boy mitchell fight 15th dec at excel; anyone want tickets message me; ricky burns fighting for title.
i get to work the bucks game on thurs now; im gonna fake high five john henson and say "can i borrow your arms to floss my teeth, douche.
haha i shall; (: what are you two doing tomorrow night;ill try to come up to tempe with a friend or two (:.
calling #hu students - if you need a job nascar bar and grill is hiring; group interviews wednesday and thursday at 6pm; go get that money.
cannot wait to catch you guys @ lost horizon in 'cuse on sunday, back to where i saw you guys for the 1st time ever!
" creed( live in manila on november 11, 2012 at the smart araneta coliseum; buy your tickets today at ticketnet.
happy tuesday; your batting average is no worse than that of jose iglesias; hopefully that gets you through the day.
photo: nationalpostsports: the buzz: the steelers shut down robert griffin iii and the redskins on sunday.
i think you can get them there for 50;the after party at center stage should be cool, chelsea may have another ticket for sale.
im going to watch the mtn 8 final tomorrow at the magnificent orlando stadium in soweto.
we are getting ready for a great #bollyfit pro day tomorrow with our instructors!
halloween wore me out next on the list danksgiving on nov 23 at big fish pub in tempe hit up for slots and info only a couple left.
gibson, bulls agree to 4-year, $38m extension: chicago bulls forward taj gibson said wednesday night he agreed t.
omg;slaughterhouse is gonna be dropping a mixtape with gangsta grillz sometime before august 28th;:d.
hi, my name is dayle, abd you're my inspiration ;:) (rt/follow if you see this;47.
yay ties and jan morrison;"ties begins work on stem schools in egypt with usaid".
someone must not be too happy with the hired help in sewickley: sidney crosby's image removed from #pens mobile app cover on thursday; #nhl.
have you heard any reasoned justification for making james pattinson 12th man?
live blog: gingrich wins south carolina: newt gingrich swept to an easy victory saturday in the south carolina p.
september 22 is a bastard bearded irishmen half way to st; patty's day party at mulligan's; i'm going and erika's going.
excited for the colts game with my love,  sunday :).
[picture, translation] sina interview with hyung jun ^^video thanks to hyungjunthebest.
i just drank a 5th of vodka dare me to drive;- marshall.
tonight is tanked tuesday get completely shitfaced &amp; play battleshots &amp; beer pong while listening to biggie smalls it's a vacation tradition.
renewed fighting rocks syria: an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in.
tweet b4 d chat so it's all gud just wanted to find out if u will be in abj jan/feb.
was supposed to announce; rahul dravid it is; the great wall in our studio tomorrow; add to that sourav and nasser.
sorry didn't see it in time; jim will be at shoeless joe's funder on thurs; interested?
usually go to a mosque in farmington hills; but got an exam tomorrow;so not going.
matta doesn't know how to view being ranked 4th in the country and 3rd in the big ten, except the conference must be really good.
given the fact that today is the 8th of march and all over the world we celebrate the international women's day,.
dtn cricket: pattinson may be saved for a tour ahead of ashes: james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour o.
details about nc state's saturday exhibition against belmont abbey; game will start 30 minutes after football.
this friday night;come on out and join us at tres amigos bar and grill for good food, good music, and just good.
thanks for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent hashtag and rt/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk.
every day from work, monday had the paley screening, tuesday had to run errands, tonight auditions ran late; no break yet; :(.
well shit; aren't we apparently supposed to wake up to "kony 2012" posters everywhere tomorrow;;or did that all just fall through?
passionate about cnis' work, be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - victoria oak bay 1976 oak bay ave.
we are so excited to celebrate international women's friendship month with you;be there tomorrow in eleanor searle at 5:30 pm :).
take a warm winter vacation in myrtle beach : vacations made ;: ring in the holiday season at the 31st annual .
wednesday's nfl notebook: broncos' peyton manning says his injured thumb is ok: the tape didn't wrap all the way.
which sunday is women's day;and you get your shirt yet.
siri vs; google voice search- may the best robot helper win.
taiwan: tens of thousands of people marched through taipei on saturday to push for the legalisation of same-sex.
i haven't slept this much since holi in 2nd year college with the 'bhaang' episode; cough syrup #win.
i may even vote gingrich as a write-in candidate to send a message about the need for more moon bases and debate hilarity.
love; esp 8, 6, 5; " lebron &amp; gerald green close the preason above the rim to lead the top 10 plays from friday!
down to the wire in fresno for #rttt: teachers union, supt; hanson still meeting; deadline tomorrow; #edreform.
will there ever be a season 2 of terra nova; just finished the 1st season on netflix and loved it; i want more :-(.
los angeles galaxy (official site) &gt;&gt; wilhelmsson hopes to make la debut friday vs; rapids.
dr; d just told me that she was going to miss me on friday when i am gone to hot springs; #bestteacherever.
while im at it kembreys bernie is abseiling off jurys inn on sunday for  call in to the office to hear all about it; 155ft!
keen to catch up with the boks;they'll train at orlando stadium from 15;00 on thursday and the session is open to the public.
aren't you a cleveland cavs fan;the chicago bulls play them tomorrow.
im going to the fair tomorrow; fuck that, hahaha.
you going to the lair tailgate on saturday?
taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term - taipei: taiwan's high court said friday it has extended ex-leader chen .
sunday's episode of married to jonas is about radio city and the new music, and then monday, the boys have a big announcement; coincidence?
got your tickets;christmas stories tour with   nov 29, hot springs, ar, crossgate church;tickets at.
#redsox over the mon daily red sox links: jose iglesias, ryan lavarnway, will middlebrooks: right now, the red s.
meet us on the high line, nyc, july 31: raise awareness for bgdl and international women with alopecia month.
impressed with siri; asked to set an alarm for tomorrow at 8 am; she clarified whether tomorrow meant today since just after midnight.
saturday nov 17th, 2012 q bar and grill is the place to be; ufc 90's event with special guests:  dj bobby d.
head of highways jason russell speaking  event about driving improvements tomorrow at pride park.
jason russell, the man behind kony 2012, is going to be on oprah's next chapter next sunday; this should be interesting.
if gerald green doesn't have the most hops in the league then he definitely is a strong 2nd.
ufo;;over east village nyc 10-22-2012  from the corner of e 5th st &amp; ave a i saw a bright orange glowing li.
((i'm grounded from the internet until monday, so talk to me while i'm still at school;-;-)).
thurs; headline: gingrich defends romney's "that's very white of you" debate comeback; #romneyzingers.
what could possibly be going on here tomorrow;#iphone5 #apple #yerbabue  @ yerba buena center for the arts.
november 14th houston improv get your tickets now houston show is 1 month from today me n my celebrity friends will be in the building.
shannon leto wins the "indie" category of the 17th annual drummies;-  via.
sweden eh;how'd that come about;not yet, sxsw will b n march; when is ur behind coming 2 the u;s;;;) how's the little 1?
mlb capsules - al: darvish to make cactus league start march 7.
will make 120pcs of cakepops and 100pcs of chocolate lollies tomorrow, aja;:).
this football discussion is pretty good,  may be right cam is the taylor kitsch of football; #fiyastarter.
do you know when you guys are going to tempe the 2nd or 3rd week;have to claim my parking spot;lol.
excited to be presenting cloud computing for smb's at the centenary chamber of commerce on november 6th.
coatbridge's ricky burns will defend his wbo lightweight title against liam walsh in london on december 15, it has been announced today.
not an arse hater but happy to see them come back from 0-0 down last night v bolton to win 0-0; awesome showing with the terry henry too.
how did dylan quirk not make the vic 19's; he kept to james pattinson, darren pattinson and peter siddle in a 1st grade grand final at 15.
cameron says the uk is prepared to veto the eu budget: (agi) brussels, oct 19 - david cameron said the uk is pre.
can't wait until the dlc for me3 comes out tomorrow; :-).
only at ics does everyone tweet about their homework productivity on a saturday;holla at the good students #icsprobs.
lucky break in tempe to host beer wars ii: arizona vs; oregon:  arizona state has its work cut out for it in sat.
[he smiled] it depends what type of books you like to read; i like james pattinson; they may not have those here.
lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all, releases source code: the saga of the elusive ics update for the .
my mrs was arrested 4 streaking at crufts; the judge gave her 2nd place for her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim .
tomorrow night; 10pm-2 in the morning; armin van buuren, laidback luke and then calvin harris to end it; bouts ta pop some illies.
#chrisfanatics unite;be at the smart araneta coliseum on oct 27 for the #artistaacademy grand finals;#teamchris.
some good stuff going down in gregory gym; 2nd place tasted terrible, ready to have that gold around my neck;#goforgold.
louisville's peyton siva on the quality of the big east: "providence is picked 16th (sic) and they smacked us by 31 last year;''.
right you are, they could end up picking sidney crosby 1st rou; wait a second, that already happened.
national women's day on 25 aug; but it's also a date where umno kaum ibu was formed; so is it a date for all women or for umno #wanita?
watch #tunisia live's live stream of the #august13 march on national women's day in downtown #tunis:  #womenrights.
broncos beat saints during sunday night football: broncos won 34 to 14 over the new orleans saints on sunday night.
not only is it halfway to st; patty's day, but its also monday night football on the paddy'o; we hope to see.
daylight is falling to the 10 hr mark near us/canada border  via  #dst.
lionel messi picks up golden boot as top scorer: barcelona striker lionel messi was presented monday with his se.
news: pudsey pays a visit;- if you went down to cascades on saturday you'd be sure of a big surprise.
at the 13th international hispanic awards in indian wells.
it's game day saturday at island wing co;: $2 domestic bottles (all day); see it here -.
highlights of the seaholm at lahser football game will be on tomorrow morning at 11:30am on the cw50 detroit.
via dpn: #syria, deir ezzor: female martyr of the cemetery massacre; friday, 19 october.
we will have to think about continuing in upa: mamata: chief minister will take to the streets on saturday seeking.
i think colton's going hunting all day sunday; hit him up i should be here all day.
happy may day folks;be it celebrating the spring day of the yearly cycle, or singing billy bragg and talking about iwd, have a great day!
the #oscar for the best documentary short goes to daniel junge and sharmeen obaid-chinoy for saving face.
help stop kony hes not dead;washington, d;c; on november 17 please go and help get the president to get kony go to there website;#kony!
i was jst going to tweet; yknow youre in sb when its 12 and youre still walking down dp with 2 midterms on friday;lol.
is wednesday normally cascades help day;i might want to make a trip at some point before january 21st.
#hamont council of can chair maude barlow hits road to speak on protecting the great lakes; 8-city tour will see her in ham may 16.
it would make my day tomorrow if i could get a picture with chane behanan , peyton siva , gorgui , or angel nunez ; or even mangok .
the game is tomorrow at 9 @ gregory gym; i'll buy you a snickers.
omg jonghyun is following his hyung by giving me 2nd hand embarrassment feels; xd what are you cnblue dorks.
i miss you too omg we should go to the fair next friday.
yo;see u in helsinki (again :p) december 14th yeeey~ last time u were here with dio ^^'.
turn's out apple's snarky statement about samsung isn't quite what the judge had in mind:.
tell you at our friday lunch&lt;3 sorry for the late reply but yes we can eat somewhere on marshall tomorrow haha :d.
wish you happy holi - 08 march: puthumugangal thevai ;: information about science &amp; technology course;  #asematy.
we had to pick dates for 2013 vacation days from work today;  i took off the friday before st pattys;  #bg  #bewarethegolfcarts.
#cosatu vavi: special cec was called to take forward declaration of cosatu's 11th congress on the marikana bloodbath; gw.
engadget samsung's galaxy s iii mini packs bags for november 8th uk arrival:   samsung just revealed that the ha.
i'm going to orientation naked tomorrow.
bilbao flights booked;exciting times, cant wait for a weekend with little beth and javi;roll on november 29th :).
"cao cao may have his zhang liao, but i can match him with my friend gan ning;" -sun quan.
dst is saturday night/sunday morning;gotta be in the club for that extra hour.
watching mtv  hits;the wanted chasing the sun!
free pick friday was strong this weekend with ohio state  #steelers,  and #falcons getting the job done; enjoy #mnf!
my bro  gonna take the reigns from trey burke without a dropoff and be on that stage in a few yrs; gta gt tht education 1st!
the cab is playing on xm and i may or may not have just started flailing.
when your lying in bed and your phone is on your desk and siri pops up #siriwantstokillme  if i'm dead tomorrow it was siri.
i don't think i'm going to jouvert tomorrow.
your going to be the reason why i fail this hspa tomorrow, i know it.
i'd suggest all these people get along to the orlando stadium on sunday; see africa; it's where we live.
looking forward to playing w/sf contemporary music players tomorrow at yerba buena center for the arts;what a fantastic group of musicians!
daylight savings time is this sunday november 4th; first alert wants to remind you to change your;  #sweepstakes.
so this means: moroka swallows vs supersport united; see you at orlando stadium on september 22.
this is like the 10th selfie of posted today looks like im turning into alli simpson oops.
i'll blow up soon &amp; not even remember a day before last june, june 14th, club paradise, to  be correct; the last day every thing seemed ok.
im glad you're having a good time in cleveland sweetie;:) & awsome that u will watch melodifestivalen with us tomorrow;xo.
lack of lte may cause google nexus 4 to flop: while google is expecting the nexus 4 to be a strong followup to the.
i swear;you dont needa be that ratchet in 7th grade; i was just about to call joseph kony.
120422 b2st 2nd fanmeeting;also last night prepix just released new song ft with junhyung magic glasses "what i see".
who is ready for the wvu tailgate;stop by in front of the lair next wednesday from 10am-noon for food, games,.
nthlondonapplerepair your 3rd gen; ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money, especially at amazon.
if there's a car on cinder blocks in your yard, you may be a redneck; if there's a dog on top of it, you may have #romnesia; jeff foxworthy.
holy shit the guy who made kony 2012 is gonna be on the today show tomorrow; guys hes still alive #kony2012 #kony2012.
just hitting the news stands;"cowan urges conservatives to look to jack kemp before ronald reagan for inspiration;".
if you follow  ill make you my famous oreo brownie on sunday;:d deal;xxx.
holi;cuantas on;para volvernos crazy,crazy,crazy till we see the sun xx.
if you didn't make it on sunday, invisible children's new film move.
let's make sure our  get to sxsw;vote here by nov 2nd.
doing the stairs to the 4th floor of the paley library will keep you in shape; #steep.
god;we get that mad man preview and now the boys are on radio 1; happy november 1st to the twfanmily.
the thing siri says lol; i'm going to sleep, i got a date with history tomorrow morning at 8 #midterm.
peter garrett live online forum with principals 26 mar 12pm aedt; tweet questions to #schoolsfunding; info  #gonski.
downright ready to practice at the comcast center next monday; always have loved watching gary, brenda and turgeon work their magic there.
set up for the bucks game and took a piss on one of the players seats; kevin bacon fingers crossed john henson sits on it tomorrow.
shit that pisses me off: men that complain about international women's day and don't realise international men's day is nov 19th; suck balls.
hahaha nat; i feel a resurgence in the 2nd half #itshowyoufinish #gotheeeem.
facts about friday's matchup with fresno - rhs will be the "home" team friday, but has never truly had a "home" game vs fresno.
last night's episode made me really want to re-read apples and cherries (at least the 3rd time i've read it) :-).
why does jeff foxworthy host are you smarter than a 5th grader;he isnt even smarter than a 5th grader #romney08.
4th generation ipad with retina display price steps out silently.
and the people &amp; animals at cuba as well!
way back in july '12, our worthy chief minister, defender of the honest banana republic, and the delhi government.
mt  remember when miami vs vt on a thursday night was a marquee game;oh yeah, back when they were in the big east.
just been informed that i'm in the squad against the bolton wanderers international academy on monday;  can't wait;#standard.
los angeles, calif; (ktla) a magnitude 3;9 earthquake jolted parts of the los angeles area on sunday morning at  .
#4: casecrown axis flip case (black) for ipad 4th generation with retina display, ipad 3 &amp; ipad 2 (built-in magn.
a big day of football in marshall on friday;  here's a preview of all 4 games;  i'll be tweeting updates for all games.
qt  in the original draft of the 7th book, remus lupin survived the battle of hogwarts; #happybirthdayremuslupin.
can you please say #happybirthday to me for tomorrow or rt/follow me i love you dj malik.
; on mtv hits in 30 minutes taking us behind the scenes of her "under the sun" video.
bolton wanderers, who are 18th in the championship after winning only three of their 10 matches, have sacked their manager owen coyle.
this guy that just sat behind me smells like body odor and curry; so i didn't have to turn around to see who it was; obviously joseph kony.
funny u said that; neil degrasse tyson's bday was the 5th, just sent "belated" joking that time didn't exist anyway.
just registered to watch live webcast with former u;n; secretary general kofi annan at  on thursday  #un.
#ipad 4th generation by apple just after 6 months from ipad3;#fail.
tomorrow is raksha bandhan so i think  today i post it for u ;  holi is colorful,diwali is lig.
i can't believe queen latifah came to durham last friday , had a dinner and dancing event at the hilton hotel wtf;i woulda went!
how can we improve environmental outcomes in canadian cities;find out at bridging the gap on sept 25:  #publicpolicy.
i liked 'helsinki, finland - nokia factory room - 10 november 2012 20:00' in the dj shadow app.
are the sats still on for saturday at clifton high?
#broncos peyton manning is 1st in passing rating 109;0 and 2nd in #nfl with 12 30+ yd passing plays, 7;7 avg pass length, 269 dropbacks.
in between phones at the moment; will go to shoeless joe's monday morning if that's fine.
mt  you should get to use your extra daylight savings time hour whenever you want to; i wanna use mine on friday at 4pm.
that thar wiki also says iwd is aka "may day" in the us; legitimate ref since he's making a us-based political argument.
browns r cursed;" chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita's career may be over due to a neck injury".
former minister &amp; slfp member najeeb a majeed may appoint as cm of the eastern province; but, can't confirm the news still.
did you know only four batsmen has scored 1500-plus runs in 4th innings in tests: tendulkar 1590, rahul dravid.
father i'm not a catholic, well i tried to march in the st patricks day parade!
managed to convince my kryptonite to swim with me, this should be interesting; and hopefully the internet will will restored tomorrow.
jose iglesias /  igleisas started at shortstop wednesday night for the second  #mlb #bos.
x')) *proud*rt [prepix's 2nd tweet rough trans] like the expression,style,dance,rap and m/v too; it is awesome gd; korea's pride.
dear  i need you to come to neb in feb, so i have someone to go to the outdoors hockey game with me; -ninja.
hey members:  protect working families is sponsoring an event this saturday, october 27, at the farmington hills.
some of the team are off to artytype to finish off the christmas magazine today;make sure you grab your copy in the gazette on the 14th,.
i also remember this one time in 6th, when i bent down to pick my pencil up and farted, in the middle of taks; dx.
have a good trip; see you tomorrow at the jurys inn?
the days are getting shorter for sure, but we'll go into daylight savings this sunday, i;e;, no waking up in the dark;:-).
hindu no secrecy about it policy, says chandy: chief minister oommen chandy said here on thursday that there was.
if you're not coming to the svsu vs; wayne state game tomorrow, watch it on cbs college sports or fsn detroit; it's about to be hype!
thats next friday; tonight i'm moderating a paley panel with cast of cbs's new comedy, #partners.
watch our school on sbs insight tomorrow with peter garrett; naomi did us proud;  #edchat.
april 20th you guys ;) smash project special on myx idk what time tho.
#cnet - just bought my 1st ipad, ipad3, feeling real burned, mad, about ipad4 so soon; grrr; really mad;don't even care about mini now,.
it may have been against the minnows of fc gomel, but a great performance from rodger's reds at anfield tonight, and a great start!
if you guys are in the fresno area tomorrow evening go hang out with us at kuppajoes;we're playing with limits,.
tomorrow weather goin be the same as today; everybody just come to school nekkid.
i've never been, but am going to farmington hills on thursday; deals galore i hope, and gail's checkbook.
armin van buuren back to the 1st place on top 100 dj mag !
psyched about the grand strand cypher; september 13; your boys gonna be on worldstarhiphop!
i'm so excited about tomorrow;et to dress up as a witch for the little kids at my job, then 2pac and biggie smalls at night with #oomf.
cuba; :) i'll tell you more after i book it tomorrow and before i leave sunday!
saturday nite/sun morning is end of daylight savings; fall back; *if you thought it was dark in the morning before.
not restricted to pm - look what happened to the mighty peter garrett; now a eunich; happy monday, glitter face.
forget league's super saturday,  has super storm sandy; name aside the coverage has been first class.
ussdgate :) " galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable.
come check out the action trivia at the draft bar and grill in studio city every thursday from 8-10 pm; not only.
vanuatu goes to the polls on 30 october; you can follow the progress on the pacific policy website.
not excited to take the sats tomorrow.
;was from timot; he's going to bengals v broncos on sunday; breathing same air as manning; #crushsohard.
okay so tomorrow me,  and  have a date with the fair.
apple special event march 7 2012 ipad 3 the new ipad full apple keynote ;:  via.
do you think atlantic city will be accessible for friday.
that was the best day of my life fam; i felt like a slave that got freed, or derrick rose passing the sat; maaaaaaaaan.
rams call timeout with 1:04 left in the 1st; marshall pushes lead to 41-26.
party tomorrow at club paradise for the football team winning friday's game;everyone invited;nobody over 19;time: 8-until $5 to get in!
thanks to everyone who played jouvert with us red antz miami; see you all on the road tomorrow with euphoria mas.
hey;if you are looking for new music you may really enjoy my bands material  (: we sound similar to the cab!
ohhhh doood;red holiday cups start back (&amp;holiday drinks) at sb;so going tomorrow :).
pop in to the gladstone hotel with mommy and strollers for free coffee and socializing mon-fri 10:00 a;m; to 4:00.
passionate about cnis' work, be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - winkler 725 main street unit b.
the gazette 10th anniversary book decade:   in addition to the release of their 10th anniversary live dvd, .
tomorrow is the day; i'm gonna do a speech of st; patrick's day in  honour; wish me luck;&lt;3.
s/o to all of you who went and served at super saturday; you rock;#doingwork.
skinny jeans, tuck in tops with cardigan for tomorrow, but no heels for the whole week;my legs hurt like crazayyy!
#noagenda russian ngos to lose american funding as usaid closes; (euronews video): in july, the russian par;  #itm.
true re family backgrounds, which brings us to the lessons of tia sharp &amp; social services etc; april's dad?
miley cyrus with employee of hollywood tans (11th &amp; walnut) after tanning there wednesday night.
your nat may be strict or moderate; open your nat with this guide, please:  let us know; ^lb.
#uva wide receiver tim smith says he'll be able to play in saturday's game against nc state.
i've watched three films this weekend with anna kendrick in it and its only saturday; no regrets.
need cough medicine and/or lemsips; may be critical if you want the gazette on wednesday;anyone do deliveries;#dying.
sharmeen obaid-chinoy's short documentary "saving face" won an oscar at the 84th academy awards and made her the.
how strange in tia sharp's case and now april the police have a 'man helping' with inquiries yet they can't conclude what has\is happened.
fans; we play ny this weekend on saturday @ rfk in dc; nov 3rd; i can't wait to see all of dc out to support us; love you guys.
&lt;3;but you really shiuld go to bed since you got hspa tomorrow k babe:) i love you;mwaxhhhh:* night&lt;3^;^.
it was weird seeing robert griffin the 3rd and justin tuck playing football and not eating subway sandwiches.
yes; i am the remus lupin of werebears; just watch out at the next full moon; i may once again attempt to steal your honey.
three of our newspaper team are off to london with miss reay tomorrow as they're nominated for a national award for best community newspaper.
we trade hst tomorrow;d; and sat;oh and for english, do we have to get rid of all the be verbs, or the ones from last time?
here an exclusive video of the night that armin van buuren got the no;1 spot on the dj mag 100 for the 5th time.
ah; you may survive it; york may have a word with you about it; he's a dick; a fucking 5's too short for his liking.
tax inspectors on 'halloween duty' in and outside rome: (agi) - rome, nov; 1 - in conjunction with last night's .
my plan for next thursday is be on website in next b/g flick wish me happy b day bri bri.
obama comes back to win 2nd debate with romney on points: (agi) new york - a more agressive barack obama forcefu.
goals for tomorrow: big mac, hard shell taco from taco bell, dunkin coffee, ac moore, gasoline; i think that's it.
#5: casecrown bold standby case (black) for ipad 4th generation with retina display, ipad 3 &amp; ipad 2 (built-in m.
just driving past groves; scoreboard says 22-15, seaholm; may not be accurate-i'm not at the game.
gonna stay over in leeds for wednesday tho to get my fix of the eternal city.
it has been confirmed;one direction will be on ellen at burbank, calif; studio for a huge concert event on the 9th of november!
i tried that email, but haven't heard back; i want to send the film to sxsw and deadline is nov 15.
or, you know, some version of it; in 4th grade, i was writing a novel called prisoners of radio city and  didn't exist yet!
no white t's, no ball cap; $500 cash to the women in the sexiest red dress; raffles for moet rose &amp; a pair of red bottoms;  september 1st.
what if yall catch me on worldstarhiphop tomorrow bc iget arrested at the k;l; concert for trying to rape him thoo ;_____.
sweats again tomorrow ;math taks tomorrow ;i do think so , sweats it is !
so like next semester the music will progress to dashboard confessional, taking back sunday, and brand new?
galaxy tab 2 10;1 coming to sprint with lte on november 11th: good news for sprint customers in th;  #android#tech.
renewed fighting rocks syria - an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in an.
"  peyton manning was an absolute stud on sunday; he earned your vote for player of the week.
bayern munich coach jupp heynckes insists his side won't be fazed by the shock loss to leverkusen on sunday -.
did you see us in the gazette on saturday;if you missed it, here is the electronic version.
juniors playing powderpuff, if you aren't at practice tomorrow you will not play, it starts at 5:30pm, hope to see you there!
didn't ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago;why the 4th;cuz they can not compete with samsung, asus,nexes;,.
i let  convince me to go to the queen mary with her tonight; and we both have class at 7 a;m; tomorrow; #yolo.
samajwadi party may patch up with trinamool congress: sp sources affirm that party chief mulayam singh yadav is likely to patch up wi.
cuse is canceling class after 1ish today and all day tomorrow #breakingnews.
it's only the 4th minute but eden hazard already knows he made the wrong decision, hehe #mufc #bplonfox.
there are no articles any more that dream about the cities of tomorrow;  ~ dr; neil degrasse tyson.
omg; jun featured in prepix new mv;release tonight;fyeah.
less than 24 hours before the 2012 season begins, hope to see you in gregory gym tomorrow night at 6 p;m; #hookem #pointtexas.
maude barlow is coming to north carolina oct 18; hear her talk about future of water in nc; starworks center, star nc.
i got myself alli simpson shoes you'll see them on wed-nes-day ((but srsly i did omg)).
so halloween got moved to november 5th;that's a monday, yeah no thnx; i'd rather just dress up as a candy cane for christmas.
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable.
and then there are shows that durdle around between neat and terrible/generic the 1st season then get cancelled (terra nova).
can't wait until it's halloween;def my fav holiday with st; patrick's a close 2nd; what can i say;drinking holidays are awesome;lol #lush.
looking forward to spending the last night at a luxurious hotel though; hot springs; then we're back friday night.
dungeness crab sport season opening this saturday: moss landing, calif; - fisherman along the central coast are.
i may or may not have gone all the way to hot springs just for this; #noshamenogame #ilovefood.
every saturday is st; patrick's day at welsh road with live irish music;ballina today w/ $3 guinness pints from 3-7.
and whilst listening to dashboard with a hangover, i may as well slit my wrists.
i'm more upset by the racist, stereotypical shit that every fucking store under the sun sells around st; patrick's day.
the bands gladstone hotel last friday; pretty luxury considering what we've slept on in the past!
espindola double rocks galaxy: the star-studded los angeles galaxy may have to face one more game in the mls cup.
great progression in teacher trainees at bridging the gap this weekend - well done;see u tomorrow at one more breath at nat christie!
definitely starting my weekend with rickard's cardigan, several pounds of wings and monday night football.
the vintage club at indian wells;  ranked 21st in the state by golf digest, this place was so exclusive when it.
don't forget about daylight savings time;  daylight savings time ends on sunday november 4th, at 2:00 am; the.
apple is about to lose my business; i recently bought this ipad may 31st; you come out with new ipad and discontinue ipad3.
starting tomorrow through the weekend, at the york fall home show at the york fairgrounds/expo center, you can.
passionate about cnis' work, be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - steinbach 355 main street.
casinos in atlantic city closed since sunday because of sandy; what did the pathological gamblers do ?
chandy rules out ban on toddy: chief minister oommen chandy said here on wednesday that the government was not i.
the craft awards are happening next week on october 4th at the gladstone hotel;invite all your friends and get.
i liked a  video  thsk - 4th live tour 27/31 - we are + break up the she.
journalism students, there will be an association of black journalists (abj) meeting tomorrow at 6:35 pm in the sjgc lecture hall; be there!
november 1 &amp; i'm off beer until st; patrick's day; i didn't think i would be hitting the bourbon on day 1 though; rough day.
do you remember melodifestivalen's "mystery" guys  they are back with pretty cool new video "crossroads".
galaxy tab 2 10;1 coming to sprint with lte on november 11th: good news for sprint customers in the mark;  #mobile.
boom;1st post bilbao night half marathon 9km; i just finished a 9;02 km run with nike+ running;  #nikeplus.
international women's day which fall on 8 march made an international author shared tips to all the women on what makes french women so good.
can't wait to see your interview with craig ferguson at paley in october; he's extraordinary.
i got tickets to the nc state game saturday and nobody to go with.
it's not friday;and all of marshall's talking when u can't beat out freshman team;they couldn't even score.
come hang with us tomorrow at 1047 e; alameda dr in tempe;show starts at 6, and theres a keg so you best be there.
"  i think donovan gets drafted in 6th or 7th rd; had a great pro day" that's sounds about right.
sp to support upa, but oppose anti-people policies: samajwadi party on saturday said it will continue to oppose .
spotted; dennis kucinich and wife on 17th and r;as it often is his hand is resting on her, how shall i say it, derrier.
i'm talking about what happened between hyung jun and u-kiss; some kissme accuse us of disrespectful.
attention romo haters; guess who is the 4th highest career qb rating all time;that's right;higher than manning, brees, warner, montana etc.
gizmodo: here are two photos from tomorrow's apple even  @ yerba buena center for the arts san francisco, ca.
a;b;o;d parade past ardoyne shops on sat; if we cum down on boris bikes will the shinners be o;k ;lol.
the a sun is shining over the eternal city;it is a perfect day for a lovely stroll through the stunning imperial.
gotta take the taks test on monday should be a breeze it's just english.
next week on #thelivingroom: volcanoes in vanuatu, luscious lasagne &amp; a seventies style-over;see you at 7;30pm next friday on.
yes, it is us: " ufo sighting in tamworth, new hampshire on october 27th 2012 - observed in western mo;  " #aliens.
divinetworks gets the green light from china telecom: beijing, june 14, 2012 /prnewswire/ --china telecom's guan.
can you please come to sxsw in austin in march;'ve wanted to see you for years &amp; it would be amazing if you played a show here!
bersani, supports stability agreement to secure government: (agi) rome, october 24 - tomorrow the agreement on t.
way too amped to sleep right now; it is physically impossible for me to take the sats tomorrow.
how he should rejoin his companion, who was awaiting him at  rome;    he set out, and on the saturday evening reached the eternal city by.
ricky burns to make wbo title defence against liam walsh on big december show in london:  #boxing #boxingheads.
the pacers are counting on paul george to step up, gerald green and dj augustin are your adds; nat 2nd in the east, son.
i'm wearing my kony 2012 shirt for the 1st time; i feel lame lmao :/.
check  for all the reaction to saturday's 2-1 win over bolton wanderers #millwall.
i'm really excited for when #community's halloween episode airs sometime in the middle of march; just in time for st; patty's day!
hope to see you tomorrow night;come to farmington hills, mi to learn about our agency ownership venture  #entrepreneurs.
another 4 hours of science tomorrow before i'm at my grandma's for three days and kwvr for the hst and standard 4 on saturday;#weekendplans.
forget tanning in the sun; come to hollywood tans and get your bronze on in just minutes; saver, faster and private!
yea but since it's such a short notice, b/g is the simplest thing to do; haha but decades tuesday don't sound too bad.
one class tomorrow, done at 11 and then going home; ready to witness an oklahoma upset on saturday;#cyclonenation.
latest | myrtle beach tennis holds serve, advances to lower state final: on a chilly tuesday night, the myrtle b.
at my final iwd event; bring on the bubbles;#iwd.
i'm just now gettin things finalized plans but it's september 29th at cafe asia.
picnic tomorrow for international women's friendship month with my date  :d #kd.
i wanted to come to york with you guys on sunday but i'm working!
simon's one enforced change sees alex smithies replace ian bennett - it is his first start since bournemouth on april 9 #htafc.
(;) five of us conquering the world together by using our songs to bring happiness to people" - kim hyung jun #2700dayswithss501.
good morning from the eternal city where the sun is shining and world is well; proud of my  shirt, the union flag, and #yorkshire.
the 6th edition was great too;i traveled around 5 islands in vanuatu &amp; new caledonia.
i will be a guest on anthony zepeda's radio show, bridging the gap,  tomorrow night 9pm est on.
i'm officially done with all of my exit level taks; lets just hope i don't have to retake any in march; #2013.
game v bolton on the 31st looking forward to it, not played a competitive match in ages!
[tempo] vanuatu quake | a strong 6;2-magnitude earthquake rattled the south pacific island of vanuatu sunday, seismo.
having complimented peter garrett yesterday for his suit, i fear he's worn the same one today; hope it's the 2nd pair of pants; #qt.
as in colton;lol but okayyy (: lemme know; i may be living in the library tonight studying for this exam :/.
planning has begun for international women's day on the 8th of march;  actually, we're working with kogarah.
council of canadians chairperson maude barlow set to speak may 24, 7 p;m;, at the lambton inn in sarnia; topic, saving the great lakes.
carine roitfeld's paris fashion week ball with  completely divine.
actually, i'm just ready for taco bell tomorrow for lunch; #fattweet.
the hustlevania video is going up on worldstarhiphop on sunday but u can check it out before that tomorrow  #halloween #horrorsquad #bayarea.
a's newcomer yoenis cespedes will make cactus league debut on saturday: by carl steward phoenix -- it's finally .
come along to 'business in crisis' at the conservative party conference tomorrow, 6:30pm, jurys inn, birmingham.
why mulayam singh yadav's samajwadi party may not dump the congress after all.
tbs presents a blues series at the melody bar in the gladstone hotel; august 2, steve strongman will be performing two solo acoustic sets.
check out #5 in the conference power rankings;we're coming for you next, big ten; #maction.
1st photo with my galaxy s ii and my gfs little rotten apple.
post edited: siri vs; google voice search: may the best robot helper win  #review #siri #theidoctor.
alright #ymm;tonight i champion shoeless joe at #ymmreads;c'mon out and find out how a shoe gal can defend a book with that title ;).
starting tomorrow, i'll go through tim's drive through everyday &amp; ask for a candy cane hot chocolate until the day they finally give me one.
apparently, artpop is said to be released on march 8th, which turns out to be international women's day;get ready!
i have hspa tomorrow why the fuck am i awake ?
hi all, its our halloween show on radio city tomorrow night i will be with special guests sacha and elaine on the.
looking to enjoy your fall in the raw;join marni and carol belmont for an inspiring evening at belmonte raw wed night!
jose iglesias with 2 amazing plays in a row; going derek jeter on the 2nd.
i was just informed that dst is on sunday;spring ahead, fall back;*hops on organ*.
sbs strong heart 'goodbye leeteuk special' with sj, tvxq, shinee's jonghyun &amp; taemin will be broadcasted on november 6th,13th;cr:.
#footballnews the 38-year-old left the eagles to take charge at bolton wanderers on tuesday, and jim k;  #tfb #taf.
thousands of cosatu members have  gathered at the orkney stadium in rustenburg ahead of a march to anglo gold ashanti's offices - report.
raekwon macauley is 15 and went missing from mitcham on 13 september; please share the link and help us find him.
you have updates to msg but what about comcast center or mohegan sun arena.
hey michelle, hope u r well, i just watched saving face 4 1st time, what a lovely film, well done u;xxx.
i've been instructed by bucky to make both an oreo cake and oreo parfaits tomorrow; what a busy,busy bee i am.
wanna have your say on the atlantic strategy;come to bilbao on the 12th  #atlanticforum.
4th is just great bc it's like st pattys just merica #canttouchthis.
is starting thursday for the michigan wolverines in place of trey burke; #regionpride #iguardedyouinpractice.
pop bottles make luv (thug passion) red bottoms , mon clare (high fashion).
sharmeen obaid chinoy, we are proud of you, saving face, won at the 84th oscars in los angeles  read more:.
sunday announcements from the youths  1;youths want to thank elder opit and experts from usaid for the wonderful.
dear gordon merchant, to quote peter garrett, may i just say, "your dreamworld is just about to fall;"; karma biatches;suck my balls.
meek mill, boobie gibson &amp; derrick rose were in the same 6th grade class.
cme will reopen index futures &amp; options today at 5:00 pm ct and close tomorrow morning at 8:15 am ct for both the trading floor &amp; globex.
come down and laugh tomorrow at loon lake bar and grill in waterford mi; with me and the mowtown laugh kings.
just one of the songs to expect during the fray's concert in smart araneta coliseum on november 10; this is off.
would it be crazy if i asked to go to washington dc nov 17 for the joseph kony march?
mt  #syria, deir ezzor: mahmud aboud alhaji was martyred due to heavy shelling on the city's neighborhoods;  wednesday, 17 october.
wasn't there an international women's day on the 8th of march too?
righhttt; well in that case we better be celebrating st; patrick's day in dec too.
you may like this; dude from dashboard confessional, playing with a band that he started awhile back.
good luck on thursday; i know a lot of cuse fans who are gonna be following you &amp; the cavs very closely &amp; supporting you guys.
back to edmonton, canada;who's going; july 21st muddafuggaz; shannon leto via twitter.
on november 11 sprint will start selling the galaxy tab 2 with lte with a price tag of $549;99.
anna kendrick may be the only good thing that twilight produced :)); i mean, she was amazeballs on up in the air hahaha!
if you like games the game on austin sponsored by sxsw gaming october 25 will be exciting.
c'mon chelsea, even bilbao handles united and u r able to handle #barca so do it for me, pls.
sbc red lions clinch win first finals game over the letran knights, 62-60; next game will be on saturday, 6pm @ smart araneta coliseum.
#mubb picked 7th in the preseason big east coaches poll; no individual honors for buzz williams' squad; l'ville's peyton siva preseason poy.
huge fight in the chargers game;good game for two medicore teams; next thursday we get colts;vs jags;ugh.
mark cuban: apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing (m;  #tech #gadgets.
tonight at midnight ends sober october - and it's halloween;look out myrtle beach;;).
lol;schedule for today the 3rd of august: visit kim hyung jun's birthday party (g;o); don't think so;xddd.
so;cafe asia might be the move for saturday.
great day in minsk yesterday with time in a nearby suburb-village; today we connected with some friends in grodna; heading to kyiv tomorrow.
do you know what is happening tomorrow at yerba buena center in san fransisco;#iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5.
from the arrl - the k7ra solar update: a coronal mass ejection (cme) hit the earth on september 30, triggering a.
sunday marks the end of daylight saving time; remember to turn your clocks back one hour before going to sleep.
want to keep bucks' rookie john henson company as he visits lambeau field monday;click to enter sweepstakes.
kirko bangz is the weakest nigga in the game i smoke weed with that nigga in 8th grade off  edgebrook i thought he was lame then n still do.
san jose, calif;-based ebay (nasdaq:ebay) announced the job cuts in a statement monday morning; most of the job eliminations would be fro.
perfect day at peover park yesterday; lots of fun, sun and more dogs than crufts; nice man bought knutsford bear from khc stand.
hottest ticket in town for the week: game 3 of the ncaa finals on fri, oct 26 at 1pm at the smart araneta coliseum.
invisible children's new film "move: what if we all spoke the same language;"  tomorrow night at the village chapel;  doors @ 7pm.
babe give me the link to thsk official site where i can see their may schedule.
happy halloween, juniors;be sure to stay on campus today;help us gain class points, as we are currently tied with seniors for 2nd!
so sad to see the broadwalk in atlantic city destroyed, we were only there back in april - hope they can rebuild it #atlanticcity #sandy.
we 10th cuz the acc is garbage; big east has tore them up all year.
it's endorsement season; you'll want to read tomorrow's indian wells editorial; i'm thinking upset.
tomorrow night: gonna try to do dms to austin mahone, cody simpson, &amp; alli simpson for the people that want them;(: late night though!
calling kofi annan right now;hang in there, it's friday;  oopsie, it's half-term friday;scratch that.
maroon5 and the cab make me crazy;when i went to see they concert on last monday; i love you guys;\(^o^)/.
jason russell interview with oprah is sunday ; let see if the gay question comes up; because him being in the closet it just sad.
it was fought in the 208/9 ad between the allied forces of the warlords liu bei and sun quan and the superior forces of the warlord cao cao.
irg may be laughing all the way to the bank but usaid has done next to zilch for pakistani power consumers.
birthday sex is on mtv hits; this makes me think about 6th grade lmfaooo.
brilliant;the reds just have class;did your sun play at sunnybank on sunday?
omg wtf fml; can't sleep; college tomorrow and a presentation on the st; patrick's day campaign for the guinness storehouse;just want sleep.
london yesterday was amazing, sun beer, hyde park, mexicans; brazilians, boris bikes just incredible day.
child support division of hosts employers symposium "bridging the gap" this friday #guam.
aye  yo 3rd round was really ah definition of ah muthafuckin body like usaid; kmsl that the best ending ever.
remember thinking it was indicative in march 2003: brilliant v juve midweek, struggled v bolton on saturday; great player tho.
good news: snow reported in the cascades; bad news: it is in washington state -.
i'm just trying to get that derrick rose sat score.
the acc had a team ranked 3rd guy; florida state; until they lost to nc state; acc so underrated.
mark cuban: apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing.
pro day is tonight at tundra; combine is friday.
we hope you're enjoying your sunday morning at lcc; tweet about the service using the hashtag #lcclife.
if the lakers still had jordan farmar,trevor ariza,&shannon brown i'd be watching them ;i dont like the lakers but they were entertaining.
be on the lookout for lmd's table and banner at the comcast center this friday for the terps exhibition game;#lmd.
york football staff member has leaked that york's goal is to score 100 points against us and leave in 1st string for the whole game #true.
seriously, the sat is just the taks on steroids ;___.
i'd love to see y'all; will you all be in town for sxsw in march?
just got home &amp; now watching the cuse game from earlier; i am watching syracuse basketball;been waiting for this since march 24th.
samsung sch-s759 with windows phone gets wi-fi, bluetooth certified, may be headed to china telecom.
what shall i watch today;my dear anna kendrick in 50/50;raquel in one millions years bc;or sly in over the top;all would be 1st times.
postseason prep is underway; big east quarterfinal vs; either uc or marquette is saturday at card park; are you ready?
big ben gets forgotten because his sb wins weren't memorible; 1st was the bus show; 2nd feel on deaf ears cause it was vs cards#.
kony2012 filmmaker jason russell explains breakdown: i literally thought i was responsible for the future of humanity.
ok unless i hear some outrageous rumor; im cop heemfording the ipad hd by friday.
may i be the first to remind you: daylight saving time ends this weekend; set clocks back at 2am sunday.
i really wish i didn't have to take the act tomorrow.
today's a great day to splurge on an awesome bottle of hollywood tans lotion with our treat your tuesday daily special;call 866-970-8267.
"notice: maintenance this saturday (oct 6) with planned service interruption; " -tumblr (dashboard).
it has been confirmed;one direction will be on ellen at burbank, calif; studio for a huge concert event on the 9th of november;mytachs day.
in tomorrow's debate, if romney is half as sharp as he was in this earlier exchange with gingrich; obama is toast:.
spent the majority of my day riding boris bikes, playing a crazy game of frizbi and just general lobstering in the sun :) #summer2012.
if you missed it yesterday, we'll be releasing a new version of "saving face" next friday;spread the word!
cant wait to see the ipad hd .
eric decker catches his second td pass from manning; this puts broncos up 31-7 with 14:54 left in the 4th.
saudi security forces opened fire on shia protesters in the tense qatif district of eastern province on friday,  detail.
off to the beautiful city of vizag tomorrow; and that will complete my cascades across india; #officelife.
saving face by daniel junge and sharmeen obaid-chinoy:oscar winner at the 84thbest documentary (short subject):wed, 26 sept-erasmus, 19:30.
covering the paley event with the cast tomorrow; wish you were coming with me.
oh nice;you should come to our show at the lair on dec 1st with heroes for hire, masketta fall, forever ends here and wstp;:).
t-pain killed for his show the other night; guns and roses lastnight; tomorrow night kirko bangz; #lasvegas #turnup.
would you like to "alter the ending" to our sunday concerts;let us know that you want to see dashboard confessional on  again!
i miss old school dashboard confessional, taking back sunday, senses fail, early november, and the used; #middleschooljams.
kate bush's sat in your lap is a song i often forget exists, and it's always lovely to be reminded it does.
devonte has to go to super saturday, so it's like shepherd's a2 all over again!
monday's area sports briefs | north myrtle beach volleyball to play for lower state title: "i was pleased with t.
i can't wait till my show in elizabeth at club paradise on saturday ima be wavy and turnt the fuck up!
about to watch kony 2012 video; despite 100m views, there are quite a number here watching for 1st time; interested in the reactions;#yuga.
it's mid-may (the week after mother's day), so hopefully you should be good.
first hasek now modano want to come back;who's next mario lemieux for the 4th time!
see you at the houston improv, this tuesday, 9/25, national voter registration day for a free show - "vote for.
china telecom does away with creating the epon the olt: ftth and fttb price may be very.
it wasn't tuesday it was the week before when nat and chidgey were arguing i was like oh gad.
rsvp here for 1/2 way to st; patty's day this saturday;receive discount drinks all night for you &amp; your guests!
congrats xoxo shannon leto wins the "indie" category of the 17th annual drummies!
is the real deal; i cannot wait to use it tomorrow night; pl tournament; watch it on cbs college sports at 8:00 pm.
just think some misguided girl is in the vip tonight suckin dick &amp; will wake up to 87,000 hits on worldstarhiphop tomorrow  #bethiphopawards.
los angeles galaxy (official site) &gt;&gt; goal: juninho gets his 2nd of the night, 7th of the season.
i liked a  video  jay park dancing dougie with prepix in front t;g;i;friday's (cl.
today at island wing co -game day saturday: $2 domestic bottles (all day);  see it here -.
quin coleman breaks a 19-yard td run, getting hot springs within 34-14 with 2:51 left in the 3rd; #arpreps.
sundate with  #araneta #sunday #pba #basketball #bff #tween #igers #igfame @ smart araneta coliseum.
buongiorno a tutti;sun is shining another beautiful day in vanuatu : ).
overall, 22 batsmen has scored 1000-plus runs in 4th innings in tests, rahul dravid is the only manof those 22 who never out for zero (0).
&lt;u&gt;+  not going there&gt;w bush years, dennis kucinich speaks @ dnc on aug; 26, '08 wake up america.
will do brothaaa; i might be going to the ohio state vs; nku game on december 1st.
we "get together;so we can "get it together; join us for a women's day celebration on dec;1st.
are the big hst sets innocent, going to be on an xc one saturday.
do we really have to march every time we have issues to deal with;  marchers clash at cosatu rally.
come by fat tuesday's june 12th so we can do some more promo for the mixtape "gangsta grillz" "king of philly edition".
cactus league previews may be done, but i also put together an abbreviated gallery; check it out on.
internet came back tuesday night; still some power out in the area but schools are back up and running.
messi receives golden boot award: recognizes argentine star lionel messi on monday the golden boot award as the .
" never seen in aja on thursday ijs"i'll support it.
us government proposes law making it illegal for them to kill you: last friday, us congressman dennis kucinich i.
idk if i should see the movie with jennifer lawrence or paranormal activity 4 on saturday.
love like hers on dvd and blu-ray from nov 15th with lots of extras (inc; host and that day), pre-order here  #limited.
a note to any activists and journalists who may have the infamous dr mohamad from baba amr on their skype, his.
kofi annan will be addressing 1,300 delegates on sunday 21, 2:15pm edt on the subject of interventions.
remember sunday its the enlighten adelaide festival, callington show - callington a&amp;h society inc; and mitcham.
hey peeps, i have confirmed with the gladstone hotel (sunday from 3pm) that children are allowed in the part of.
i'm so glad my boss scheduled me till 11 on the friday night before sats #thankyoubitch.
just announced: mario lemieux will be dropping the puck at the johnstown tomahawks first home game on sept 29th!
get the new frequency, the phone you have now may not work on their lte network anymore; but hspa is always the same.
sun ce, throwing down with cao cao is serious business, better watch yourself #r3k.
our annual clothing drive for the open closet is during the 1st week of march for international women's day!
3rd line minutes, you're crazy; he's going to be the sidney crosby of the british league.
ok going to laguna; be back tomorrow; no wifi; can't use my phone to have internet cause more bills are coming; bye guys.
daily mobile news: lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all, releases source code  #smartphone.
hahaha just to mitcham;thank god ;yeah it's usually a thursday but i've got a week off now for shans bday :).
hey peasant are we going to helsinki on saturday with the other peasants?
will there still be sats at the school this saturday.
going to " #occupy bay area" at yerba buena center for the arts on tue, sep 25  #occupysf #occupyoakland.
hyung jun oppa i love you.
i just ousted turncoat as the mayor of laundry today or naked tomorrow;on.
hector gomez / gomez left the team's cactus league game thursday after running  #mlb #col.
didn't ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago;why the 4th;cuz they can not compete with samsung, asus,nexes;,,,;,.
i was yelling at siri cause she wouldn't understand what i was asking her so she played "there's a great big beautiful tomorrow" from wdw xd.
don't want to home tomorrow #omfg ihateschool-;- cuba is awesome.
you're an angry elf tonight; apples, obamacare, relax its friday.
sign of the times for once powerful cosatu; black shirts see red at cosatu march.
pumps &amp; polos;strongside party nov 10 @ club paradise;ladies free till 11:30 so get there early;i got my polo ready how about y'all.
jim tracy is doing a double switch; with 2 outs in 9th inning; of a cactus league game; with the score tied.
truman state is 3-0 for the first time since 1994; they'll face no; 22 ucm (2-1) tomorrow night on cbs college sports #miaafb.
got called up to the big leagues for next thursday's nfl contest between the jags and colts; here's to new contacts in the industry;#luvit.
odd sports weekend;  no ucla football, no 49ers, no nlcs until sunday;  yawn; we saw "pitch perfect" today;  i'm in love with anna kendrick.
so john henson play on the team tues.
- have you heard of the "39 steps";a sneak peak of the national award winning play; this saturday at music academy!
bayern munich thrown his first defeat in the bundesliga at the hands of leverkusen: bayern munich lost on sunday.
gingrich says he may have secret papers re; bengazi on hannity.
" dmu 1st years are boring you know;we may need to teach em" - fuck 'em, fuck 'em i'm screaming fuck 'em.
#c2k carles puyol;omg;what a landing;may god help him with his hand;ouch.
eden hazard's pass for mata's 2nd goal yesterday was an absolute dream; had the watch it about 5 times to believe it; #worldie.
ohio state women's volleyball up to no; 15 in the nation; other rankings: women's hockey 10th, women's soccer 21st.
goodnight april all the way from vanuatu,the south pacific;#1love.
i love the random 7th graders crying at the seaholm game #getoutofhere #attentionneeders.
watch the the morning blend tomorrow as ian bennett will be strutting his stuff in their fashion show; tune into tjm4 at 9 am.
come and join us  to be' women's day  with  on nov 3rd - dealing with anxieties, addictions, abuse, hurts.
liverpool 2-0 fc gomel in what has been a cracking first half for liverpool; borini opening his liverpool account and stevie scoring the 2nd.
don't be too upset about the lack of football this weekend, the soccer game against seaholm is only a few days away;tuesday; home; 7.
jersey &amp; sammy think nekkid is where it's at ;) happy monday.
gosh just think if robert griffin the 3rd (rgiii) and lamichael james were on the same team omg   #beasts.
thanks mike; although you can't really beat great big beautiful tomorrow:).
brian wilson is set to make his cactus league debut tomorrow for the san francisco #giants.
at the houston improv this sunday night performing with the hilarious raj sharma; if you, or someone you care.
tomorrow ill be with tracy dimarco at hollywood tans shooting a video and interview wiyh.
just sat and explained to my dad about who joseph kony is #smartdaughter #sillydad.
screengrab of the   announcing march by joseph kony on the white house on nov 17:.
who going to jouvert tomorrow ?
great day interviewing the national health insurance bureau in taipei - off to hualien for the field study tomorrow.
jose iglesias homers w/ the #rays down 4-1 in the 9th;that's it, i'm calling it; 9/20/12 10:01pm time of death for tampa.
barcelona's carles puyol out 8 weeks with dislocated elbow suffered in champions league win tuesday.
radio city are gonna visit the most spookiest places in liverpool; 1st place anfield it's a bit dead in there after tonight.
listening to terrace talk on radio city on a saturday pure brilliance,merseyside derby history plus the saints a legend #ynwalfc2012.
#carpool #lebanon - #lanecommunitycollege eugene planning on going to lcc starting winter term in jan;  #rideshare.
#rent in us up 10% betw jan'11 &amp; jun'12, up ;1% in calif says  sound right to you?
if you wonder why we keep on this sustainable path, run the trails around cardigan; closed loop at its best, nature; #doworkshop tomorrow.
if anyone is headed charleston way this sunday 11/4 &amp; has an extra seat, message me; i'll buy the gas.
just before rehearsing this scene,  and i sat center stage expressing our gratitude to god; for the.
guess whose going to be in charleston tomorrow too; meeeee.
arsenal reportedly tracking the progress of leverkusen's schurrle and schalke's holtby as the gunners seek to strengthen their squad in jan.
did you hear; the fr; 15 program tomorrow night has been moved to cme; see you upstairs at the cme tomorrow night at 7:00pm!
good morning all;we hope you enjoyed national women's day;well, a new day has arrived;it's friday &amp; long.
wrap-up: broncos 34, saints 14:  thoughts on the new orleans saints' 34-14 loss to the denver broncos on sunday .
its better you come tan at hollywood tans in jbr instead of burning in this mad sun;call us on 04 458 4004.
yes, that's what he wants to avoid; stay in us in feb, maybe play delray, then indian wells / miami.
i'm weedless like iwd would say; availability tomorrow; scrapins tonight.
so,  in helsinki tonight with the #revivaltour, and he has a birthday;sounds like a killer combination; too bad its tuesday.
is going to be in tempe tomorrow.
dashboard will always be the best; like them since 6th grade before all the lame followers.
a few speculating that the 3 had heat/power issues &amp; 4th gen resolves this; but i have heard nothing around these probs on ipad3.
we wont know until tomorrow;i think it is between colton and herman!
free tickets for the national day of prayer w/pres; noynoy;call 3747618 look for mae; nov 9, 8-11am at the smart araneta coliseum.
colton is busy right now and may not see it; did you send it to his mother and/or traci scarce?
i want to go to the smb tomorrow but worried i will oversleep :/ been sleeping through my alarm.
i'm so tight because i'm taking the hspa tomorrow and am gonna miss some of my classes.
lol , don't worry c; every true iconiac deserves to meet the boyz (: i might need them in august again.
30 seconds to mars - night of the hunter (shannon leto remix) - single - 18 sep 2012.
if you are in helsinki and is going to skiexpo on friday or saturday look out for this t-shirt.
omg really;my mom is going to fresno tomorrow and staying over there; i should go :d!
lmaooo" last time i hit a girl was 4th grade; i punched her in the nose for pinching me on st; patrick's day lmaoo".
michigan basketball team to appear on espn's 'college gameday' on feb; 2 at indiana: trey burke and the michigan.
i can't find my school uniform, guess i'm going in naked tomorrow.
himmatwala set for holi release 29 march 2013;sure shot another blockbuster 4 ajay;it will going 2 3rd in row;bb,sos,himmatwala.
#portsmouth: pudsey pays a visit;- if you went down to cascades on saturday you'd be sure of a big surprise.
then he texted that their first conference game was ohio state nov 28;uh ohio state isnt in the acc buddy.
high pay centre is hosting business in crisis at #con2012 tomorrow 6:30pm jurys inn  with jesse norman &amp; guy opperman.
1) they spontaneously sang "there's a great big beautiful tomorrow" out loud in the grocery store today.
see you at the houston improv, tomorrow, 9/25, national voter registration day for a free show - "vote for your.
enough with the reality tv; one broadcaster had an original idea and dumped it; terra nova deserves a 2nd chance; up for it?
for those not at cedar point on the 27th, be at #hallowfreakend ;) @ american legion (31775 grandriver ave farmington hills 48336).
taylor kitsch may not be a leading man, or able to open a movie, but he was quite good in the bang bang club- ryan phillippe as well.
weekly round up of transfer news and the fc gomel game;: i am glad to say i was present and sat in the lower cen.
so i've decided to make oreo #cupcakes tomorrow with my sis.
bye bye kyiv;see you in december :-*.
just finalized advanced ics training course description with luigi auriemma; he will be  teaching the friday after #s42013.
2pac , june 16 1971 - september 1996; biggie smalls , may 21 1972 - march 9 1997; r;i;p to the best rappers.
dear coach sidney crosby, can you please schedule a skate at southpointe for a saturday or sunday, sometime;pretty please?
i'm done with sats; if anyone wants my sat book w/ notes hit me up; i'll let you have it.
im saying hold it to a private area tho lol  he gone be on worldstarhiphop tomorrow.
daylight savings time ends this weekend; and i don't know what this means for the timing on f1 on sunday.
interesting that jack kemp and  were both announced on the same date -- 11 august.
center stage live, nov 10th; %%100%% truth; come party with us, eat with us, laugh with us and smile with us;-.
barcelona face a defensive crisis when they host granada on saturday, with carles puyol (knee) and gerard pique (foot) both sidelined.
iight lemme stop bs-ing;over the hatch and down it goes;my 1st (prob last) time drinking tequi  @ the lair.
26 i have sats on the first of december.
sprint getting samsung galaxy tab 2 10;1 with lte support, on november 11th: the first lte enabled;  &lt;--full story.
#vote4urdayumself comedy show w/  tomorrow @ the houston improv, 7:30 pm; free show;get.
vanuatus 4th best dj and 1st place vanuatu handsome of the year 2001,2002,2011 is on the decks tonight at decca    aka dj ideal lol.
and that's excluding all the spin-offs; terra nova wasn't great, but i'd rather watch a 2nd season of that than more fraggin' kardashians.
hot springs to mt; nebo last sunday with wife driving a ferrari;not, my wifes hyundai veloster cool po folks.
xinhua forges partnership with china telecom: xinhua news agency on monday forged a partnership with china telec.
2nd win today, 2/1; lets keep it up guys ;next game on saturday at helsinki.
is it true that mad man will be released on sunday;:).
i'll be in bilbao for few days from tomorrow; i'd like to book for two for the first of nov dinner; possible?
the wind seemed to be remembering the great storm a bit overnight; we look back 25 years ourselves in tomorrow's heralds and the gazette.
tomorrow is a very important day in south africa - national women's day is an annual public holiday in south.
good to see you supporting sunnybank on saturday; haha.
i wish i could meet you for my birthday ; march 16th :) before st; patty's day heehee ; i got your birthday on my calendar &lt;3.
&lt;u&gt;wake up fox, not going there&gt;w bush years, dennis kucinich speaks @ dnc on aug; 26, '08 wake up america.
omg;lucky den;i was 12 when i saw drake for da 1st time and it was my 1st drake concert lmao i was 13 for club paradise :).
prayer at the top of tower on top of the hot springs tower mountain at 7:30 am tomorrow;join us;#sharefest2012.
hmm i usually don't watch b/g shows but i may have to make an exception for something like that ;).
quota bill unconstitutional: sp: samajwadi party on wednesday (september 5) dubbed as "unconstitutional" the bil.
a plea to the ncaa to revoke their new decorum rules: you may have heard during the coverage of big ten basketba.
barbie's belated fashion chat from paris fashion week will go up on the blog tomorrow; it's as hilarious as karl's new hula hoop it bag; ;-).
this week's #tweetpic66 contest is tweeting a picture with a mario lemieux signed item;winner chosen randomly friday at 2pm!
taison scores for metalist in kyiv, and it's the 2nd goal i've seen today that arrives for having the defensive line in the opposition half.
ready for the looe mini street party up on sunnybank; monday 3pm; cake, quiche &amp; other retro tiffin eats;all welcome.
check out this great article about our upcoming warrior fun run/walk on oct 20 and other kpc activities in the gazette!
in manhattan;please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of  rfk apt  east 13th st #sandyvolunteer.
luxury condo one ala moana unveiled: hhmk development, lcc announced thursday details about the new luxury.
+on march 8th it's the international women's day;first day of may has the same holiday as you *yaaay*;victory's day is on 09/05.
the bucks' john henson is hit at the knee by a falling ilyasova; doesn't look good; he goes to the locker room; bulls up 85-75, end of 3rd.
for the weekend;no; for tuesday;fly to japan from kyiv.
take care and blessings, and tell hyung jun that you take care after a game, i saw him on that day very water wet.
the newer new ipad aka the ipad 4th generation with retina display  #apple #new.
terra nova: the complete series is out on dvd/blu-ray tomorrow &amp;  have an exclusive clip for you to enjoy!
in celebration of national women's day on 9th of august, poise brands, in association with body sense boutique.
flame video shoot thursday  yes it's going to worldstarhiphop.
i'm going to armin van buuren at tinker field - edc orlando in orlando, fl - nov 10.
soccer-la liga top scorers: oct 29 (infostrada sports) - top scorers of the la liga on monday 13 lionel messi (b.
winner - our train station at glossop has just been awarded 1st in best station development category at national award ceremony; #teamwork.
sadly this is affecting us too;relief turned down,rateable value up;awaiting response about 2nd appeal from lcc.
chelsea v united, everton v liverpool, bayern v leverkusen, marseille v lyon; i think it's super sunday.
embarrassed cardinals try to pick up the pieces: tempe, ariz; (ap) - embarrassed on monday night, the arizona ca.
time to get nekkid with filter free friday (3/8/2012)  only @ the original global #iphoneography community @ #mobitog.
i like trey burke but i think pre-season 1st team all-american is a bit over the top.
pop bottles, make love, thug passion; red bottoms, mon claire; high fashion [.
the weather in farmington hills tomorrow is 75/54 and sunny; in minneapolis it is 43/30 and a chance of snow; alrighty then.
will be coming back from orlando stadium on sunday; so might just catch second half at home; but #cfc fans watch at keg + filly.
i'm sick of playing the pacers &amp; gerald green playing like the 2nd coming of michael jordan smh.
happy to report kez has qualified for crufts for the 2nd year in a row :).
yeaa so going to dmu is looking like a myth  tomorrow.
mark cuban on the apple tv's possible future.
only 3 more days until africaid's mother's day shopping night at ten thousand villages;friday the 11th from 5-8pm!
peyton siva and his gf sat next to me and  at church today; glad he came after fellowship haha, just joking;#bbn.
i only sat on a plastic chair when they were giving lap dances; i never broke it tho; im telling you i was straight.
good to see you at york today;i'll be praying for you on the 19th, &amp; give you a shout out on your other special date!
pop bottles make love, thug passion, red bottoms, mon claire, high fashion.
i can't wait to see all the riot fights in miami on worldstarhiphop tomorrow.
dallas defense has played good actually; and cuse was down 23-3 in the 3rd last night and won so.
st; patrick's gaa are doing a fundraising clothes collection day on nov 13th if you want to get rid of any old clothes give me a call.
#np going wrong - armin van buuren ;and i will live 2day n i will love tomorrow; no matter what is said or done; even if its going wrong.
;i hope they've left school by now ;i'll bring the photos tomorrow night from bilbao;der der der der;i love you baby !
11 more followers to go;rt/follow for a chance to win a sampler;you may even get to sample the new cigar we are releasing at the ipcpr!
i still maintain that boris bikes may be the best way to see london.
being told the nathan williams concussion happened during neb game, but they didn't know until sunday; missed practice all week.
rahul dravid joining commentary team for the 1st time;its the best moment of this test match :d.
they're unveiling me wednesday at the yerba buena center in sf; don't know why, but i like the way  looks at me.
highlight of the night - kofi annan will be speaking to us on sunday;whoop;#oyw.
wish you happy holi - 08 march: noel gallagher surprises diners at ;: information about science &amp; tec;  #asematy.
why gop &amp; mitt romney need a new jack kemp in the new tac.
i am not rational when it comes to robert griffin the 3rd; i am a teenaged girl and he is my justin bieber; #iloveyourg3-.
did you know that every monday is facebook monday at hot springs resort &amp; spa;$10 off a tub for 2 or more people.
chief minister follows up on restoration work: restoration of the damaged side of the anna arch began on wednesday,.
thoughts on josh gordon: you may remember when i posted a few hours ago about josh gordon's pro day;  #ncaaf.
don't forget some money for school tomorrow if you would like to purchase kony 2012 gear;#invisiblechildren #kony2012.
typical americans; will talk about toxic metals on a thread about holi; c'mon don't be babies .
maybe tomorrow i'll get my arse in gear, go check out the thrift store and stop in at the lair.
in taipei, taiwan, having a great time so far, the international faculty is really good, my lecture is tomorrow; bye.
taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term: taipei: taiwan's high court said friday it has extended ex-leader ch.
sunday evening uplift;neil degrasse tyson on the most important thing to know about the universe:.
mt  #syria, deir ezzor | marba'eh: aerial shelling dropped explosive barrels on residential buildings in the town; tue, 23 october.
heads up: galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable.
" the only good this about this monday is that it marks halfway to st; patty's day; #irish" did you start celebrating early.
show this saturday night with our friends in at the gallows and emergency syndrome at the gladstone hotel from.
sunnybank's hooker bounces a 45m penalty goal over the posts in the 1st half of extra time;  score is 28-31 after 80minutes  carn heavies.
it's thursday march 8; that can only mean one thing; happy iwd half the planet :-) read about it here:  #womensday #iwd.
can't wait to go to the uga vs; ole miss game on saturday;#toomuchexcitement.
then on saturday, we'll host a scrimmage open to the public at 1:30 p;m; in comcast center.
traveling the whole circuit;cleveland can be pretty dismal in march;unless you're drinking w me for my bday on st pattys.
oklahoma's new open carry law goes into effect today; check james keeton's article about the law in our latest issue.
retard you don't take hspa until march cause you're a jr.
emma stone in miu miu dress at paris fashion week show, matching umbrella and lippie we applaud you; via.
my boy dennis kucinich at it again; screw ohio for redistricting the state and voting him out come november.
what's the occasion;t  cadres in cosatu t-shirts are congregating in a park next to hume road (just off jan smuts).
who's coming to the beatport festival july 20th to dance there asses off;[shannon leto on twitter].
"bridging the gap"  breakfast sat morning nth highld fellowship hall; looing for all black leadership ; one front;9 am i;m;a;l;c.
yeah man it was nice, went to myrtle beach for the weekend; i get back on december 7th; everything good with you?
huh, kofi annan tomorrow; look at you,  get it, get it; :-).
guest teaching  super saturday with kris gordon rocked;(@ wisconsin athletic club).
whoa; is taylor kitsch seriously going to be at the charity game tomorrow?
can't wait to take my girl to nottingham on the 8th of march for her birthday; hilton hotel here we come !
will i see you at paley tomorrow?
new song by 50 cent performing "riot" remix with 2 chainz 2nd song off of 50 cent's upcoming gangsta grillz.
passionate about cnis' work, be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - saint john 116 princess street.
apple releases 13-inch macbook pro with retina display - black friday magazine.
september 30 (day): mostly sunny early, turning mostly cloudy with 30% chance t'stms after 1 pm; 50% after 5 pm, some strong; highs 85-88.
i shall be there saturday, be prepared for me to give lap dances; i will expect a chair in the middle of the living room.
video shoot weekend of the 17th in fresno; courtesy1 "goodfellaz oath" featuring tammany1 &amp; jrocc.
john henson may have left unc but he hasn't stopped posterizing dookies.
guys; i'm seriously; #stonehill right now; unranked and beating #3 #newhaven in the 4th quarter; cbs college sports.
lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all, releases source code: the saga of the elusive ics u;  &lt;--full story.
i thought international women's day was on the 8th of march and the 9th of august is south africa national.
apples will outlive us:   keeping history alive at #sewanee with sun, water, and new seeds.
jeff foxworthy leads a bible study with homeless guys on tuesday mornings, and has for years;  how cool is that?
gonna be interesting, may go to memphis next sunday for the heat game, then charleston thursday for college basketball; #soitbegins.
wow what a game the dodgers win in the bottom of the 10th by a walk off hr by jack kemp.
i'm going to visit pasrb, seb, spr and smb's holes tomorrow for the #spookyminiputt;hoping for some hole-in-ones;#gcwcc2012.
just found out my bro  is going to be on espn2 sat night for the neb game;sad i can't see it, so you should watch it:) #bigdebute.
if you follow  ill make you my famous oreo brownie on sunday;:d deal;xxxx.
want to see "wild thing" on friday against the chicago bulls;; comment and like to win a pair of tickets!
goodnight y'all ;)) ipad3 see you tomorrow :)).
expecting to see kony stickers all over the school again tomorrow, they're back and i have to go to the assembly with my global class.
going to the fair for a little bit with the familia ;* but somebody seriously needs to come to the fair w; me tomorrow .
wonder how long it will take to find out who won the 5th seat in brindabella, and who the chief minister will be;#actvotes.
if it seems to smb that i say about one band more pleasant things than about another so it means that i love 1st more than 2nd,you're wrong.
chelski want this so bad that it makes me even happier thinking we may beat them twice in 4 days at sb.
and george, are you going to the paley tomorrow;i am :-d #yr10000.
for fans who can't make the game, usf baseball's series opening game against 2nd place uconn will be on cbs college sports, first pitch at 7.
ipad 3 predictions: will have high resolution screen (close to retina), lte, and it'll be called "ipad hd".
i'll bet you a peanut butter sandwich that seal team 6 takes out kony just before november 6th.
don't forget to bring your buddy barrel back tomorrow;it's the last sunday in our 4 week bgmc drive to build a school vanuatu!
9th day of continuous shelling of baba amr  #syria.
didn't ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago;why the 4th;cuz they can not compete with samsung, asus,nexes;,,,.
#apple your 3rd gen; ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money, especially at amazon  #news.
have to admit, i very much liked the banner man u fans had at sb yesterday 'chelsea standing up to racism since last sunday' haha.
hmm if this friday is the 28 then it's away at seaholm; next home is hc :(.
my mom literally just asked me that; but lets go to the game saturday &amp; get taco bell before or after!
for record i had ipad1 &amp; just switched to ipad3 and i've got a screaming macpro tower; :-) my 1st apple was a iic.
charges filed in calif; shooting that killed 3 - a convicted felon was charged monday with the murders of three peop.
going home to try and maybe study for the sats tomorrow.
ok;crash i-5 sb at the i-84 exit is clear;still slow between 4th plain and i-84; #pdxtraffic.
worldstarhiphop has a video of  kissing stevie j -- men don't kiss other men on the lips; 1st time was suspect, now you guilty.
kugan cassius interviewing ricky burns on his dec 15th fight;is rick the only world champ still working part time.
o'brien: #pennstate players came back monday ready to go; said he believes they and coaches have put ohio state game behind them.
junhyung is involved in a new song with prepix; i think he produced the song; the song will be released on april 24th.
i saw pitch perfect tonight and freaking loved it;anna kendrick is my new wife and i think i may be in lov.
manning says his thumb is fine; mostly the fingernail; sore tomorrow but will be ok; says bye week came at good time.
news: sydney, july 19 (ani): australia's young fast bowling spearhead james pattinson has said that he is quite happy to concentrate .
so issues with amazon have been resolved;finally;my ebook "bridging the gap: understanding young people today" will be released tomorrow!
remember to join the springboks at 3pm tomorrow at orlando stadium to watch their open training session as they.
tomorrow 9/5:  come get a free mustache tee @ party on the plaza in front of gregory gym from 10am-5pm; we have a.
we are from sydney :p oh thank you;since you're local you should come see us play at the lair dec 1st;gonna be a huge show :).
monday's daily cask is india pale ale with cascades.
questions about becoming apart of lsca;come stop by our table outside gregory gym from 5-6pm this thursday;#hookem #l4z #lsca.
i may even stroll to something besides rosa at jouvert;but only cause it's dark; lol this saturday;tickets $25 !
mad respect for the iad team;its comforting to know we still have people like them around; may allah continue to bless this project.
tues: nas ft; olu dara, bridging the gap; good story telling;  #music.
get 25% off in the jurys inn 24 hour sale this wednesday.
just had our 1st trick-or-treater in 4+ yrs here in the desert; caught me totally off guard- gave him a candy cane from a box someone sent.
"don't look at the bad things that were left behind; yesterday is gone, today is now and tomorrow is yet to come" - shannon leto.
well, my darling girl aja is happy;no school tomorrow; and really, i don't mind the respite from getting up for highschool hours!
april jones, tahiti, cuba;what's with total new york coverage;#uncareingworld.
we're partnering with our friends at ten thousand villages in green hills on sunday, june 17th; stop by anytime.
three sleeps till the bold, black and beautiful iwd lunch on thursday; who else might be going;#boldblackbeautiful.
cosatu will be holding alliance rally on the 27th of october at rustenburg,north west 2 accelerate the implementation of marikana.
it ends in a draw; nu gives itself a chance for a share of the big ten title should michigan state lose on saturday #b1gcats.
thilakan had given a reality check into the affairs of malayala cinema in '08 - superstardom, national award et al.
yeah really we'll thank you;may see you soon, hopefully coming back to dmu for a post grad in jan; blessings, take care!
go chicago bulls beat the calivlers this monday.
mark cuban: apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing (mike shields/adw.
on another note, i don't like the dst makes me feel like more of an alcoholic; once the sun sets, it's okay to drink;even if it's 4pm.
just back from pre-season; legs are knackered; now going to watch the  2nd leg of the europa league liverpool v fc gomel;.
there are many more catholics who do not agree with mourdock than gingrich or others may think.
hey friends, dst ends sunday, 11/4; just giving you a heads-up to set your clocks back 1hr before bed saturday evening; :).
lazy saturday post cricket season; keeping an eye on eastern province v kwazulu- natal inland on cricinfo but can't say it's doing it for me.
can't wait to wake up next sunday in cuse w/ the family enjoyin a nice big breakfast w// a lotta laughs, both for the 1st time in awhile.
#pvrdirectorsrare to release aditi roy's national award winning #abosheshey with eng subs on oct 12; netpac best asian film, iff kerela.
the best event of the year is coming up;alberta children's hospital candy cane gala on december 6th;proud supporter!
flint, r u villa;join us for the grand opening friday, with club 93;7's lv and ricky burns.
payton manning will win comeback player of the year and might even win 5th mvp;  still a lot of season to go, but manning looks great.
hahah wait i really want to come out for st patricks day;also everyone should come to boston for easter/ my 21st!
46 years ago today, new orleans was awarded the 16th nfl franchise - and the new orleans saints were born!
never do business alone again;learn how with women entrepreneurs of oregon at madison's grill on tues, nov 13.
this monday come and laugh your hearts outs all  with     at hilton hotel.
didn't ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago;why the 4th;cuz they can not compete with samsung, asus,nexes;,,.
can't wait for tomorrow going to charleston for the weekend.
haha of course;"there's only one ian bennett; not been back yet, looking forward to it but not till april.
happy half way to st; patty's day;we are the only people at 7th celebrating; where is the holiday spirit.
haha ok i'll put you on the list; but my sweet got moved to either the 23rd or 24th &amp; its gonna be at the lcc instead.
tom brady has been named afc offensive player of the week for the 22nd time, bringing him back up even with peyton manning for most ever.
tia sharp: cause of death may never be known- well they would have known it, had they found the body when they first searched her house.
derrick rose, you eat pussy and break ya neck modasucka loll "black friday".
we can take the big bucket to the million man march; that's a million dollars; you know biggie smalls he gone drink two at least!
just saw that  show from sxsw is going to be on axs tv this next sunday, november 4th; dig it!
great job  for getting two cars in a hotel conference room on the 5th floor at sxsw;#iaprsa12.
nigga saturday were going to a farmington hills party.
congressman dennis kucinich (d-ohio), who lost in the recent ohio primary election on march 6th, due to.
shinee's taemin and jonghyun will be recording for "strong heart" today oct 25 together with tvxq and super junior; via: smtownengsub.
hope you can join me tomorrow at 7pm at scoreboard bar and grill in nashville, tn!
thsk was the 2nd foreign singer that can have ranked 1st on oricon weekly chart twice with 2 songs: purple line n beautiful you.
sooooo i may or may not be freaking out; i was watching their show at radio city and umm it just like;hit.
sunnybank; come along to our free fertility information morning at sunnybank, brisbane this saturday the 13th at 9am;  to register:.
loved hanging out with the people at invisible children on monday;so awesome and inspiring;:).
join us tomorrow from 9;30am to cheer on fundraisers abseiling down the jurys inn  to support visually impaired people in derbyshire.
pharrell may have had one of the realest gangsta grillz mixtape, ever.
kirko bangz comes to  thursday night;get your tix for the show &gt.
final hours for 2012 stn challenge;  groups working on first drafts;  tomorrow 2 pm hst is the deadline.
wall street analysts are estimating atlantic city casinos may be down 10% for the year because of sandy.
just said hello to dennis kucinich as he walked casually through campus with his #hotwife; he's on 22nd st!
china telecom added 8;35 million users during 2nd quarter, an increase credited mostly to the launch of the iphone 4s.
that may sound like a plan;are you staying in terra nova;maybe come out for one after i've had some grub.
i remember the days of strong women in politics, judy lamarsh, flora macdonald, today's maude barlow, eliizabeth may;  not liars hebert!
the apple special event live broadcast it up;shutting all other apps/browsers for maximum smoothness!
"republican vp announcement coming tomorrow; lot of speculation that it's the fiscally conservative congressman, jack kemp;" -- nbc.
dhoni's 1st ball leave must make even rahul dravid proud; #indvsaus.
" may ipad hd na pala; i don't even know what this says; but i'm tweeting it anyways cause it says ipad.
obama closing gap with romney in usa 2012 elections: (agi) washington, 25 oct;- seventy-two hours after the fina.
there's a great big beautiful tomorrow:  via   when you are feeling down remember this song it makes me smile.
via  don't forget this weekend is the end of daylight saving time; set you clocks back 1 hour sat night when you go to bed; e.
mitt romney on usaid at virginia military institute 8 october 2012:   "i will make it clear to the recipients of (cont).
worst away day sat in a home end v bolton 0-0 87 mins gone berba scores i jump up #awkward   #awaydays.
as roma announce that midfield maestro de rossi will hold a press conference in the eternal city, at 3pm tomorrow; #mcfc.
i have the big ipad3 i love it but for reading its too big my mini comes on friday.
2013 nba draft: chicago bulls 2nd round pick could look to add international talent much like they did with omer asik and nikola mirotic.
didn't leverkusen reject a 20m offer for him in the summer;i fail to see how his stock may have dropped since then.
arnez j  sold out the houston improv last night and put a crazy, brilliant, side-splitting performance;he's here til sunday!
i don't want saturday to get here; but i'm ready to bomb #allregion in hot springs, sooo; might as well get it over with.
avondale finally gets into the end zone i need tim smith touchdown pass; seaholm still leads 28-9 late in 4th.
you remember being king of the playground monday mornings;i feel like a tooting&amp;mitcham fan now days.
these niggas been showin the return of derrick rose commercials ever since the summer but he not comin back til like march.
big bauss,  i hope you'lld be coming to abj on the october 4th with solidstar and the rest; plz reply.
i think that the 2nd place on melodifestivalen gives the points on eurovision;;).
due to the hurricane, game 1 of the the eastern conf semi-final has been moved to rfk on nov 3; the 2nd leg will be in ny on nov 7; #dcu.
everything seems to quiet down when usaid was booted out of russia, may be the money's gone; the "we say when to dissent" movement.
i may have caught a ufo engaging warp drive in the background of this photo.
lol i had it, hv to look for it again, but it is usually first week of march right before the indian wells event in march.
unreal i turn 18 and second swing at the sats tomorrow.
i liked a  video  jay park dancing dougie with prepix outside t;g;i;friday's.
the student debate at dmu is now confirmed for 5pm on november 5th;exact details to follow.
got my  tickets in the mail today;so excited to see mario lemieux drop the 1st puck;#hockeyisback.
so; i may go play some me3 now; mainly just trying to level up since i promoted all classes and the only ones above 15 are adept.
wasn't the 2009 class 11th (last) in big ten?
may the billions be with you; lucas sells out or cashes in; los angeles, calif; - in one of the biggest surprise.
time to get nekkid with filter free friday (3/8/2012)  only @ the original global #iphoneography community @ #mobitog.
photo with marni and nic if you have won with steve i may lose it haha nah just kidding love your tweets tad jealous lol.
by the way tia sharp was buried today you may have failed to notice in all the fuss over a dumb posh tart getting her tits out.
james meredith on this 30 for 30; the 1st black student at ole miss; well; thats the definition of a real nigga w/ balls.
just watched dashboard confessional's video for stolen for the 1st time in several years and realized olivia wilde is in it; mind;blown.
game 3 of the finals will be played this coming friday,1pm at the smart araneta coliseum; game will be aired live over at tv5.
on this day: 20 june 1987, congressman jack kemp speaks at the national right to life convention in new orleans,.
congratulations aishah on passing your driving test 1st time at the mitcham test centre, with our driving.
about 400 bricks just cascaded from a building on 2nd between 42nd &amp; 41st onto water system of hilton hotel / tudor hotel; scary.
check out world music poet, aja and his band at the sullivan hall, thurs, nov 8 at 7pm.
letsmovedown will be at the comcast center this friday for the terps v; iupa exhibition game;  come check us out!
going to nycc;don't miss the "maestros of horror and sci-fi music" panel next friday featuring composers from me3!
last day in scottsdale is tuesday, so happy to be going back to tempe;:).
shege don't comw i'm going to abj tomorrow.
about to get this grind sesh in with the fellas;pro day on monday.
sydney, newcastle - mon 3 to weds 5 september - spotlight on the road sharing the reporting, dashboard, franchises,  love!
everyday remind yourself you are the best;happy international women's day !
they may have but he is down to nc state and baylor.
ahhhh the next few weekends are going to be messy;first off - this saturday: powder room at the gladstone hotel.
friday night lights;it's a tv show; set in texas about american football; only watched it for taylor kitsch really.
idk who's in charge of the b/g float;but were floating this friday; you ain't down.
latest: is bigger better;a look at samsung's galaxy note ii: by steve kovach | from business insider| october 28, 2012| ; if you r.
i may be late, but drake's live show has grown from the first time i saw him during the tml run to his club paradise tour.
saturday august 18 will be texas two step with our scrimmage beginning around 1:15 p;m; at gregory gym; doors will open at noon.
#thsk7thanniversary the 1st song bring me to thsk and made me become a cassie is why did i fall in love with you?
everybody about to be half naked tomorrow.
#epao jcc demands rop to workcharge employees: urging the chief minister to implement the 6th pay commi;  #manipur.
we also provided prepix and the managers with a common korean energy drink; hopefully it'll awaken them a little tomorrow!
it's november 1st ; so that means candy cane icecream has to be in the stores now right.
thanks for the 2nd half info on neb helps salvage a rough betting day #latechsuckd.
hoping that sb's 2013 planner is as pretty as the 2011's; it would be out starting tomorrow; will check it frst before collecting a sticker.
thank you;no heat, electric, no internet since monday afternoon.
anyone want to take a ride with me to atlantic city tomorrow?
queen mary dark harbor this wednesday, who is in;(only of you're going) don't waste my time please.
changed her mind;she bailed on st pattys, &amp; now she def needs to come;im thinking about leaving after work on that friday?
apple special event october 23rd - ipad mini and maybe macbook pro 13inch retina, what you think?
okay;1st, what type of content will the site have;example: g/g, b/g, solo, fetish?
breaking news: #arrow will not be seen tonight in illinois or indiana due to the chicago bulls opening game; it will air on saturday; :(.
ufo goes into volcano | october 26, 2012 | mexico | what do you guys think; #paranormal.
tomorrow's invisible children meeting will take place in the lucap office beginning at 1pm.
anyone fancy the boxing in december;ricky burns &amp; george groves fighting.
here's the coverage map for abc-tv's telecast of saturday's isu game against oklahoma which kicks off at 11 am ct.
for all my sophomores and juniors, the deadline for the google bold internship program is dec; 1 at midnight pst; if you any questions hmu!
neil degrasse tyson - dream of tomorrow: please sign the petition to double nasa's budget to a penny on;  #atheism.
south korea may be china telecom's next foreign conquest: china telecom has entered the south korean market by e.
biggie smalls sounds so good 1st thing in the morn; still tired but in a much better mood; *throw hands in the air, like i'm a true playa*.
#redsox over the mon jose iglesias, major-league ready shortstop; jose iglesias is 22 years old, and has hit ;2.
haha ok btw a friend of mine's getting a chance to meet rahul dravid on friday;some twitter contest she won.
nyse and cme will remained closed on the 30th for all us stock and equity futures.
becoming dangerously obsessed with one of tomorrow's melodifestivalen songs; i'm sure you can see why.
there's a possibility i'll be decked out in mint neko tomorrow; either with cardigan or parka; ;).
thx for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent and rt/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk.
got a busy week this weekend,,, goin to watch bolton wanderers on saturday and then going to my nieces christening :d :d :d.
seriously; going to melodifestivalen is a bucket list item of mine; also excited for the timoteij album that drops tomorrow.
my favourite runway so far during paris fashion week was #louisvuitton; it bring us back the sun #yellow.
yes; i'm thinking feb/march, possibly to include holi; i want to play with all the colors!
nov 7 conservatives will be grumbling, "i *knew* we shoulda gone with gingrich" their support for mr always half-hearted #p2.
"  1st question: after running with a groin injury at the combine, what was guys official 40 time at his pro day; 4;53?
great article from tim dowling on foreign etiquette during the olympics; his take on 'boris bikes' is fantastic.
christians news christian wilhelmsson: how chippen will help the los angeles galaxy  may it be worthy.
gutted i'm missing the cardigan match on saturday;but more important things to do.
it's funny how i'm like the only 8th grader iconiac.
strolls in2  #nipclub & see nekkid kitteh;what kinda party u running here;shall i jump on the bar & dance;oh yeah.
remus lupin sat in the kitchen of 12 grimmauld place, eating a piece of pie molly had given him.
karlie kloss &amp; joan smalls take paris fashion week in the 1st episode of the new house of style  (via.
the gazette reported on problem of cyclists flouting the law at the top of the town; now the police are cracking down; see thurs gazette.
#syracuse field hockey beat #uconn for the big east regular season title on saturday; my story for.
s/o to  ;i don't really know her but she seems real chill; she may not know how to spell peyton siva, but still follow her!
a special presentation was made to jamie carragher ahead of thursday night's europa league clash with fc gomel at.
#apple apple's iphone event: join us wednesday (live blog): the lam research theater at the yerba buena center f.
entertainment,  win the pakistan's 1st oscar award 4 her documentary "saving face" ; see pic=&gt;  .
i was speaking in general;but romney and obama full of bullshit;put dennis kucinich on the ballot then i'll be 1st in line.
well yall are gonna forget about this tomorrow anyway just like kony.
lots of students interested in uk study at the dec fair in kyiv today.
assad continues to bombard #homs, 4 the 17th consecutive day, mobile ntwrks off 4 the 4th day, mjr battles around baba amr #syria.
my blues mates did the lot last yr,loved it; kyiv is immense place,may be going jan.
tickets are cheap at least; and c'mon, you don't get that many chances to see and possibly meet mario lemieux.
s;l;  back to edmonton, canada;who's going; july 21st muddafuggaz; (shannon leto on.
waaahhh i want to cry when i see radio city because i wasn't there on the 11th to see the boys.
#unstoppable mt   i can teach you the ways; i may be sidney crosby but you can be my james neal; both good looking.
wish me luck on the act tomorrow!
dude, it was sad saying goodbye to the ph last night; i'll always remember my 1st st pattys when we stayed up all night.
robert pattinson &amp; anna kendrick at the 19th annual elle women in hollywood celebration!
happy valentines day ;don't end up where the sun don't shine make sure to get your special someone that gift from hollywood tans .
happy birthday to the main man,  tear up helsinki tonight and we'll meet for some post-birthday celebration on sunday!
i may have to move to cuba if he does.
i got hspa retake in the a;m; who wanna walk to school w; me tomorrow :d .
ik heb een  als 'leuk' gemarkeerd  apple special event march 7 2012 ipad 3 the new ipad ful.
what a great 1st class consultant update today with kirko bangz manager d-will;it's about to get all the way.
" siri vs; google voice search- may the best robot helper win  #apple" - shock, horror, #applesucks.
radio city will always be one of the most speical shows the jonas fans will remember;it was the 1st show we had our boys back together.
ya i was wondering wha that was lolrt  so i may have just seen a ufo; anyone else in mboro see those crazy lights in the sky?
are you folks gonna let you stay over at nat's house tomorrow night?
im going right to hollywood tans on 21st walnut today ; right after school !
do ya wanna go to trek at lcc this friday with me.
the official after party for nc state's pep rally is at mirage raleigh this thursday;your host for the night.
ye i was standing on the same concrete as lionel messi and cesc fabregas on saturday ye ye ye.
i don't even feel like going to lcc on saturday.
event: tomorrow, 10/11 at 9pm we will be having an event "invisible children" in the commuters lounge - make sure to come through;:).
kirko bangz comes to  tomorrow nite;get your tix for the show &gt.
nd projected to finish 3rd in the big east; has a major size advantage of qu.
jose iglesias is in the #pawsox lineup tonight for the first time since sliding into the catcher on sunday; he missed three games.
for those not at cedar point on the 27th, be at #hallowfreakend ;) @ american legion (31775 grandriver ave farmington hills 48336) x2.
finally, after almost 30 hours, mass effect 2 is in the books; time for 4 hours of sleep, 12 hours of work, and starting me3 tomorrow.
i love  and if they're at sxsw in march i'm in the crowd screaming and being ignorant.
tomorrow is men &amp; women's day; are you ready; men's day @ 10:30 am with rev; isadore edwards &amp; women's day.
ryan braun went 0-for-2 with a walk in saturday's cactus league game against the angels.
this weekend daylight saving time ends; be sure to  set your clocks back one hour before going to bed on saturday night.
this sunday: join us at ten thousand villages to get holiday gifts; 15% of the proceeds donated to hias pennsylvania!
mark cuban: apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing (mike shields/adweek) -.
1st points to sunnybank in premier rugby grand final, with a penalty kick to dion taumata #3rdtier.
; - live webcast tomorrow 3:30pmet with  former  secretary gen; kofi annan:  #fpannan.
manning will probably win the mvp; his 5th right;unreal.
espn's chris mortensen confirms that danny amendola (clavicle) will be inactive for the rams on sunday.
my radio show tomorrow at 8 am on wpit 73 am; had calls from neb and fl, so call the show from wherever you are even africa 1;412;333;9748.
wednesday is working women's day at dog tyred and to-day we have something just for the ladies; a racegoer.
new pics - divine saturday @ cafe asia - hosted by nba's josh howard; one thing about it, the ladies love satur.
grand opening for  villa sneakers is sat 20th with club's 937 lv and ricky burns at 10am |.
anyone want to join me at jouvert on 30 nov for some brilliant live music from oxford's best talent, all in aid of.
where are you playing ;i'm just leaving the uk for helsinki; for my opening at kiasma tomorrow night.
remember saturday night daylight saving time ends, set your clocks back one hour before you head to bed!
3rd day of taks test ; hope i do good ; lol.
ken pom (analyzes ncaa bball stats) rates #purdue 36th overall and 7th in the big ten:  rosier forecast than other polls.
#redsox over the mon daily red sox links: bobby valentine, clay buchholz, jose iglesias: usually a win makes eve.
see what max hastings was trying2say with 'boris bikes' comment, just wish he'd said 'cycle super highways' instead!
saudi security forces opened fire on shia protesters in the tense qatif district of eastern province on friday,  detail.
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable  #ops.
lol i will take nat's word &amp; give it a try; i may go back 2 supernatural later, watching arrow, last resort now 2.
git er done;before #graphexpo, reserve your room for the npes 2012 annual conf;, coming nov; 10-12, indian wells, ca:.
congrats to the hard working  on killing his pro day and shooting up to the 4th round of the #nfldraft!
cant wait to watch the debate tomorrow night; if romney grills obama as hard as he did gingrich in fl, romney will wipe the floor with obama.
mt  #syria, deir ezzor,  bokamal: indiscriminate mortar shelling on different parts of the city, sunday, 7 oct.
wish to clarify again ; the 1st question on "no songs in a chiyaan film" ; it was a tamil film, which won a national award also .
forecasting with dashboard confessional's "so impossible" ep &amp; "swiss army romance" on this cool november 1st morning.
interactive tv may be the next big thing, but what are your real life thoughts on apple tv;#iwishitwerebetter;shhh.
poor match ended their winning streak; they also lost to leverkusen at home for the 1st time in 24 years.
so far, i'm only going to attend smash project because miss may i, of mice &amp; men and chunk no captain chunk.
coming to news stands near you;best conservative magazine on the block; features my essay on gop needing new jack kemp.
i wanna go to the queen mary tomorrow-_-.
apr; le bacc,i'm going to work in usaid and unicef,that's for sure!
i am not in the state of mind to take the act tomorrow.
; &amp; i probably won't even be on when justin does his rt/follow sprees cuz of the time difference; plus, he may not even tweet as much (c).
tuesday night is bogo free pizza;can't beat that; see you for dinner;brickhouse pizzeria and grill.
that is an excellent suggestion, i'll bring it to the other eds; am i right in thinking iwd is march 8th?
to all the school kids;one positive note for the weekend; you get to set your clocks back one hour on sunday night as dst ends.
hey, i think you ve done a mistake on th journal,sep 3,it is equpiment, hst recoverable and a/p jims and not bank ,it is an invoic.
saudi board omfs resident eastern province for upcoming year contact dr; ahmed jan with suggestion regarding your scientific activities.
i'll be writing in dennis kucinich for president this november he is the best member (former) of congress and the best politician in dc.
-&gt;rt  stay tuned for the #bowltothewall contest tomorrow and get a chance to bowl to rahul dravid himself!
ow god haha, going home at break tomorrow btw cuz my anutys down from york so going for a meal xx.
ya our game in hand is v bolton; 6 pointer ha;playing norwich last game of the season;#hopeless.
i thought that was just alan rickman;david thewlis (or remus lupin, if you may) is mine;we already agreed on that!
ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night-wanna sing it rachel?
weezer - island in the sun, dashboard confessional - hands down #np.
robert griffin the iii (3rd); the quarter back for washington; (he's a youngster, but he's super good).
i was dreaming when i was reminded that i have to take the act tomorrow.
miss youuuuu, come over saturday with colton #loveyouuuuu.
are you a london area fan;we'll be taking me3 cosplayer photos at big ben tomorrow 11am - come out;tweet  for details!
apple special event live bloganother always-exciting apple event;join us october 23 as we update live from the .
tonite on sunday = sound day;21;30 at lap;oremti arco raya, parung; dont miss it lads, see you soon!
finally got the start to  video for chasing the sun yes i always get the end i love you mtv hits.
#btg event, bridging the gap, november 6 fully booked - please contact l;s;spence to join the cancellation waiting list.
your 3rd gen; ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money, especially at amazon (macdailynews/macdailynews).
my bet for tomorrow is going to be eden hazard to score first and chelsea win 2-1 #cfc.
i think tomorrow when i get out of class i'm going to wal mart and buying apples , caramel squares,and razor blades to see the cashiers face.
monday voodoo style inspiration- anna kendrick rocking the sheer hosiery;love it x.
poor shot selection;and another bites in the dust; azhar ali gone; james pattinson gets his 2nd victim; #pakvaus #cricket.
burgundy wave: los angeles galaxy vs colorado rapids - game preview: on friday september 14th the colorado rapid.
yeah i went to the one august 12 at the comcast center;wbu?
ron francis; mario lemieux and jaromir jagr took all the scoring titles, yet ron sits 4th all time in scoring.
game 3 of san beda vs letran will be on thursday at the smart araneta coliseum.
i want her so bad; ohhh, in melodifestivalen you mean;yes yes, but that will never happen; netherlands was 15th :').
but me &amp; derrick going to the fair tomorrow.
did you miss the college workshop for juniors tonight;pick up the packet outside room 101 tomorrow for all the info!
here is the 3rd and last part of our paris fashion week ss13 street style report;  #streetstyle.
catching the 2nd half of munich v; leverkusen now #bundesliga.
andreaaa :) are you going to the fair on saturday?
national award won by our amazing events team - our annual conference was rated best association conference in the uk!
i just realized that the only ukiss member that hyung jun following is kevin.
i am at h;b; stewart arena for tonight's 5a-west showdown - siloam springs and greenwood; b/g games have implications for top of standings.
happy 22nd birthday to the cuddy peyton siva aka pey pey;#fumatubloodline #allstar #golouisville.
i saw "saving face" for the 1st time this thursday and two more times this weekend; i think it is adorable one of my favourite films.
you didnt win abdc but you won over my heart you may not know me but imma true iconiac by heart----.
as eden hazard assisted the 1st goal of this game, we are refunding all first goalscorer stakes on this player.
i know you're not meant to have favourite students, but one of my favourite 12th graders just gave me another rose for women's day &gt;;&lt.
crazy saturday night of "apples to apples" with.
: hope you can make it to maude barlow's great lakes speaking tour next wed may 16th!
robert griffin told reporters wed that he'd "rather be compared to an aaron rodgers, a guy who has won super bowls then #cam newton.
as biggie smalls once said, "we're going going, back back to kali kali";see you wednesday kal; you better be ready to throw it down.
i just love this new show; i watch it every thursday; jeff foxworthy is so hilarious!
taemin and jonghyun will be recording for "strong heart" today oct 25 along with tvxq and super junior; via: smtownengsub.
i liked a  video  apple special event march 7 2012 ipad 3 the new ipad full apple.
ephesians 6:11 (neb) - ephesians 6:11 (neb) put on all the armour which god provides, so that you may be.
it's women's day in manotick this saturday with 15% off everything in store; but; for our fb friends just.
november 1st, entire italy is taking day off to celebrate my birthday;:) it's ognissanti (all saint's day), and.
#bestmixtapesever i wasn't a  fan until i heard the 1st dedication gangsta grillz; changed my whole opinion.
conference: last day for early bird regs for arps 2012 radiation safety: bridging the gap  sydney 14-17 oct.
oh what's that;the mac is better than the acc and big east in football;; that's what's up.
" espn's chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita's career may be over due to a neck injury noo;:(((((.
i have to take the taks test tomorrow; #what.
heading down for the uga v ole miss game with shrek tomorrow; i'll be bangin belles, call me #quasimodo.
and in sunday night football, the denver broncos defeated the new orleans saints, 34 to 14.
going to sleep early, so i'm ready for tomorrow with the cab, evermore and maroon 5 :).
smash project on march 8 omg just 4 days after my birthday aaah.
i think i'm going to watch terra nova or something faggy like that and then pass out since i'm supposed to wake up tomorrow.
he looks a lot like hyung jun in this pic; lol; ^^.
while all you st pattys day goers are getting drunk ill be serving all of you after last call #notlookingforwardtodennys!
neil degrasse tyson says the 1st person to walk on mars is likely now a middle school student in china;   sad.
this old white dude on worldstarhiphop had a plate shited on it sat down without wiping his ass &amp; ate his own shit omfg so fucking nasty.
yes, it is us: " ufo sighting in long beach, california on october 28th 2012 - saw a pulsating red fla;  " #aliens.
i would rather eat my left foot then to be taking the sats tomorrow.
he going to the fair , on saturday &amp; i'm going to be out of town ;mann bullshit.
this female said kirko bangz will be her nigga one day ;c'mon son, (foh; lmao.
to jhb bok fans go through to orlando stadium to watch the #springboks train tomorrow from 3 - 4:30pm  #bokke.
reminder - we will not be at the eastern market event for tomorrow night; weather not cooperating ;see u thursday in farmington hills !
get ready for jouvert on the road in miami on sat oct 6th central broward regional park hosted by miami broward one host carnival.
new orleans saints defensive end martez wilson's helmet sunday night during the broncos' 34-14 victory.
catch me &amp; dj hollygrove mixing it up this friday @ club paradise;bands a make her dance;  (via.
never march uphill with the sun in your eyes the wind in your face and your swords unsheathed;- cao  cao in re: sun tsu.
have never been happier to be home with heat, cable and internet; see ya on sunday bw.
a year ago tomorrow changed the iconiac fan base forever :(.
bristol city haven't been in this match since eagles scored in the 31st minute; this is my bolton wanderers; #bwfc.
right, see if you get any oreo balls tomorrow.
shows on the great white way were cancelled sunday and monday and radio city music hall al.
watching kofi annan on msnbc  show educate the masses on foreign policy; i wonder how many others are doing so on a friday night.
los angeles galaxy vs colorado rapids - game preview - on friday, september 14th, the  colorado rapids  will travel .
here comes the weekend;james bond tonight,#f1 from india sat&amp;sun (come on jenson), #boro v bolton, and a good weather forecast for photos !
reminder:  daylight saving time ends sunday, november 4;  turn clocks back 1 hour saturday night;  see you sunday.
of course difference is  came clean; shoeless joe fans contended he was innocent and he may have been.
alli simpson; they may just be two normal words to you; but they mean the world to me.
nashville had their big night tonight on national tv; tomorrow we celebrate texas, oklahoma, and kansas on the.
shooting myself in the foot &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; taking the act tomorrow.
on july 14th, ten thousand villages supports   see how you can help.
listen to the land, but that is everyday; today in particular;great big beautiful tomorrow.
free $50 visa card give away at villa sneakers in genesee valley mall at 10am with club's 937 ricky burns and lv sat 20th |.
practicing for my show tomorrow night; you should come, it's free; @ the lair.
there was too much grammy, i should've known we'd be sad at the end; ps are you going to dashboard tomorrow?
so guys my internet wont be fixed till tomorrow morning so no ustream tonight so sorry but will have instagram later, tweet name then;woo.
park chillen with both bookers, j wall and ot; lawd help me jeeyyzus; part 2 at cafe asia tomorrow w  and josh howard #leggggoo.
in manhattan;please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of  rfk apt @ 113 east 13th st#sandyvolunteer.
attention juniors;tomorrow is the last day to buy pep rally shirts; they are $7 and you can buy them in all lunches and in room 405!
so, i've pretty much decided to go to shoeless joe's tomorrow for #argoslive; always more fun with other fans, right;anyone else coming?
tia sharp's funeral today, may she rest in perfect peace.
#paidnfulleastsaidup2 #dbf drops september 17 classic;and  gangsta grillz is on the way.
myrtle beach wednesday   2 showsssssss; first stop is for the visions of horror show;second stop is at the.
he is hip hop sidney crosby to me; may be the best at what he does but such a whiney self important bitch that i don't give a damn.
are you coming to the fair on sunday.
did you sign up for a #gainconference workshop tomorrow;be sure to check in at registration first, in the yerba buena center for the arts.
and you say derrick rose isn't good because of the acl but dwight howard is the 3rd best player in the league coming off major back surgery?
starkville saturday;i might just wear my ole miss stuff haha #not.
join me this sunday at the new thought community center in fresno; i have the honor of doing the service this.
theater of the new thur eve blue covenant: maude barlow: world #water crisis  w/ water, we see the oneness of the world.
the shits going to hit the fan tomorrow, so; im probably going to throw marshall under the bus.
:d sure are;we are playing the lair on dec 1st with heroes for hire, masketta fall, forever ends here and wstp :) come.
i just noticed that alli simpson, sarah, and april follow me; why didn't i know holy fudging fudge balls; this worlddddddd.
great first half for milwaukee's last two 1st round picks; tobias harris with 12 and 6 and john henson with 14 and 6.
don't want to go to hspa class tomorrow so i'm not going .
so, i'll be stuck in charleston all day tomorrow ; who's fucking with me .
about to go get this lift, run and throw in;  jr; pro day on monday then it's back to sa to get ready for the season;#hognation.
last night was #tweatup dinner at bucci, tonight is  sister's bday dinner in sunnybank, tomorrow is dinner at the red hen; #whatweightgain.
that pic is 9th and superior, ;looking eastward down superior ave; its the corner my mom always stands for st patricks day parade.
more then excited to see my girls play ohio state on the 9th;ready to watch  you dominate  ;#teamnd.
koreatown, calif; -- a man allegedly shot his former boss in the head thursday at a commer.
that sucks if you have to take the sats tomorrow.
cme ~ evidence suggests combo treatment may be the best option for dme; posterior segment drug delivery is also key.
when mccann got our 3rd goal ian bennett turned and winked to us posh fans, he loved it #trueposh.
#bbcsportsday c'mon guys, what about #lfc away 1-0 win at fc gomel in #belarus;i was there, i'm sure we won!
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other devices may be vulnerable  #galaxy #samsung #html #vulnerability.
if we could just send taks scores instead of sat/act my life would be a billion-trillion times easier.
the mac may be better than the big east this football season; #automaticqualifier .
i've realized you may have as much of a crush on taylor kitsch as i do;we both enjoyed fnl, john carter, battleship.
i'm gonna give one to leverkusen and two to mainz, relegating dortmund to the 6th position.
just got the ics update from sony on my sola (apparently it was released on the 17th, but update centre never told me, so i only knew.
fcbarcelona captain, carles puyol will be out for two months after dislocating his elbow in the match against slbenfica on tuesday; #fcblive.
nasa captures giant ufo mothership near the sun; is nasa hiding something; #ufo #nasa #mothership.
don't miss this opportunity to participate in the next round of center stage tours; nominations due november 15.
[trans]tv shooting week started; 1st shoot tonight hey hey hey live broadcasting; thsk will show u a new song;(a .
flash news@ sp to support upa, but oppose anti-people policies: samajwadi party on saturday said it will continu.
watch the live webcast of kofi annan's interview  this thursday at 3:30;  tell us what you think!
could have fooled me; i thought the march was about trying to win back favour with workers; cosatu is fast losing credibility.
bolton wanderers have sacked manager owen coyle following a poor start to the championship season, which sees them lying 18th in the table.
me &amp; colton are supposed to carve one tomorrow;is it gonna be hard.
i loved obama's "romnesia" chunk, but wonder if his writers owe jeff foxworthy for the repitition gag ";you may have romnesia".
kim hyung jun gives ss501 fans much needed reassurance about the fate of the group; read it all here.
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable | th.
back in charleston tomorrow;let us know if you need any sharpenings; happy thursday;i hope your halloween was as fun as ours.
come down to  to enter the raffle to win christian louboutin "red bottoms" doors  open 1pm-7pm comedy show 3pm today oct 20th.
marshall golfer nathan kerns has finished the fall with the 12th best stroke average in the country.
#allifacts alli simpson (born on 24th of april) is an australian actress who love to make people laugh!
i saw the oreo ones &amp; it gave me the idea for these;just in time for a peanut butter addict colleagues birthday tomorrow xx.
i'm already on my 3rd year at colton it wouldn't make sense to graduate from gt after spending all this time here &gt;;&lt.
going to the fair on sunday .
lionel messi is the 2nd best player of all time; there's only one better than him;vlc;  :-d.
other than the super bowl appearance, this may be the final time manning and brees face each other in a regular season game.
for a bit; i'm going to the fresno game saturday.
feeding the dogs an hour later since dst ends soon and i don't want them waking me up at 6am on sunday; they hate this; i hate dst.
dear naked cyclists, i will not support your campaign if you are putting your sweaty bits on boris bikes!
vasilis girasis' webcast (usually thursday) will be available friday morning since it's national women's day (hol) in south africa tomorrow.
pst keane delivers best mls goal from saturday: the los angeles galaxy were on top of things early tonight again.
baby colton is a saint bernard;i may have the cutest godson in ze world.
i just liked "a conversation with dr; neil degrasse tyson at the 28th national space symposium" on vimeo:.
selling tickets for blackout november 23rd in fresno tickets are $15 for limited time so hmu if you from chowchila,kerman,madera,or fresno.
register today to attend a free;super saturday, october 27 in syracuse, new york with president, nigel branson;-.
i'm at hyena's comedy club in dallas all weekend with the hilarious jason russell; thursday shows are always free, so you have no excuses.
swing by hollywood tans if its too hot for the dubai sun.
so, with today being my last day at holi, today (or veryyyy early tomorrow) will be the last time i can use my phone until houston.
mad tired, gotta get up early to work out, and i have work like all day tomorrow but yet i'm still up wait for  lol smh #&lt;3.
mrs arrested 4 streaking @ crufts; judge gave her 2nd place with her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim".
what position groups do the new orleans saints need to upgrade most; problems may have to be fixed during the o.
i have a date tonight in denver watching my denver broncos cream the new orleans saints;spent sat; on dashboard.
#mrtony 10/29;2: cascades - rhythm of the rain;  all songs today, tomorrow, and forever for #sandy.
i don't know why they haven't put siri on the ipod 4th gen.
saudi hereditary dictatorship kills shias in the eastern province;  un security council not to meet, pakistani #mullahcult not to march.
holiday to the eternal city is booked; fly out early december; hoorah.
august 1st; also known as the day in the summer mario lemieux stopped getting fries with his sandwich at the turn;  now no one eats bread.
acura of oakville is proud to be taking part in the walls of hope fundraiser tomorrow at shoeless joe's in.
lool, samsung will be launching galaxy note ii in canada on 30th, psy gangnam will be performing at the launch.
nice little write up in the gazette, good job cosmostanza;the first grannyfest should be great fun, this saturday 4:30-11:00.
prob the same guy that played 10 straight dropkick songs at berks last saturday;felt like a rockin st patricks day.
jason russell kony 2012 so honest about his "break down" #nextchapter next sunday.
hey philly, meet the berenstain bears tomorrow from 11:00-1:00pm at the market + shops at comcast center.
wish i was with the full eastern crew on a saturday especially st pattys damn would of been priceless ya feel me #enoughsaid #realtalk.
bok squad announcement will be tomorrow for the australasian tour, open training session for public at orlando stadium at 15:00 thursday.
thabo masebe says government will meet with cosatu tomorrow morning and doesn't want to be seen as ignoring union input.
super saturday was a blast;what classes did you try?
happy to know that  is good to play saturday;we can still take the big ten;#wolverinenation.
1st time to watch pba; best seat on the house;thanx sahia;=) @ smart araneta coliseum.
bolton wanderers have sacked manager owen coyle following a poor start to the season; the club currently sit in 18th in the championship.
please clarify if the show in atlantic city on november 9th is still on;.
university are your 2012 queensland premier rugby champions, winning the hospital cup 46-20 over sunnybank at ballymore on sunday.
had a great time last night @ the queen mary; i thought i saw a ghost but it turned out to be a really old lady needing some sun.
so kenpom has nc state ranked 24th; if the pack finish the season ranked #24, does gottfried keep his job?
the  rookie, john henson, will play in his 1st  game vs; the  on  @ 10:30pm/et; don't miss it!
arsenal have won three pl games at the emirates having been two goals down; v bolton (mar 08 & jan 10) and v spurs (feb 12).
mt  #syria, deir ezzor: ali bashar al-theeb was martyred; he was a soldier of the free syrian army;  wednesday, 3 october 2012.
hope weather clears for thursday's mission to shoeless joe's courtice for first day back at work #noworkforme.
guess i'm talking to my grandparents about moving to fresno tomorrow;leaving everything and everyone behind.
so what happened to kony 2012 "cover the night" on april 20 ?
#cgvb is off to the finals;everyone go to reynolds colosseum at nc state at 2:30 on sat; to cheer #cgvb to back-to-back state champions!
come see  and the rest of the boks train at orlando stadium tomorrow at 3pm!
come see us play with heroes for hire at the lair on dec 1st;so many amazing bands are playing, you can't miss it;:).
a great way to get wednesday going; a cbs college sports piece on coach rodriguez and the arizona football program.
a win for #lfc v bolton will see them beat their away points tally for the whole of last season; and we have to win tomorrow's game.
maude barlow: why i am going to be in #victoria on october 22nd:  #defendourcoast #bcpoli #cdnpoli.
is your pet the perfect poser;free to enter competition with the gazette; go along to pets at home, squires gate lane, nov 8 - 17.
ahead of tomorrow's elections in vanuatu, what do the islanders want; finds out; #listen #raonair.
rt a pic from sunday night at center stage of us with the amazing blonz \,,/\,,/.
great write in tonight ending in a random taco bell fix;  see everyone sunday - remember daylight savings ends,.
" #iloveiball " i wish kareena kapoor a very happy birthday, may this 'heroine' be blessed with national award.
#4: casecrown omni cover case (black carbon fiber) for ipad 4th generation with retina display, ipad 3 &amp; ipad 2 .
vinny from iconic boyz may have leave the group but he will still be in all iconiac's heart;                                (love you vinny).
all about eden hazard for #chelsea's 5th goal great through ball 5-3 !
they might be giants' version of "there's a great big beautiful tomorrow" ;tmbg + disney;awww, pandora, you do know me.
apple special event: omg the imac is paper thin and so gorgeous;stunning;thin!
#ihope that  will be able to come to cuba with me for march break.
friday's top 10: gerald green rises above the everyone in friday's top 10.
[interview] kim hyung jun - interview with sina (new drama is coming soon and new album in february).
were fucking going to taco bell tomorrow.
we're getting ready for 1/2 way to st; patty's day; we'll see you saturday, starting at 4;  the unlucky charms play at 9:30!
they didn't bitch when deron williams passed the ball to jordan farmar to win the game;but lebron can't pass in the 4th stfu.
here in bilbao were so fucking excited;you'll be welcome tomorrow dude.
ipad hd hits stores tomorrow; will you be waiting in line for one?
as my mom said, i shouldn't be bitter because thsk will always hold the honor and prestige of being the 1st korean group to perform in tdome.
"it's a great big beautiful tomorrow;" do you 'like' this outfit;~amy.
studs on sunday - john henson, adam morrison - the bucks top to bottom-talor battle (lac)   - also the all-stars/mvps.
back '09 when you followed me;club paradise me being ratchet in the 6th row;no doesn't ring a bell;kay; love you;lol.
despite going off on saturday, it looks like ian bennett could be fine for wembley.
chief minister, omar abdullah monday said that he would discuss the issue of providing security to panchayat.
it was windy on saturday;andre's fault; joseph kony hasn't been caught;andre's fault; dell make shit pc's;andre's fault; #avb #avbout.
kim hyung jun - football team the 2nd a match at yeongdeungpo-gu daerimdong [12;10;27] credit : #2.
"pass interference; robert griffin the 3rd; automatic, 1st down;" #steelers.
lolol that  just pulled up to my house blasting great big beautiful tomorrow; love this guy.
" all four  chevys are running in the top five on lap 239; #dalejr is 4th;"   "yay".
"love given by the triple s have been encouraging me to try and do the best in everything" - kim hyung jun #2700dayswithss501.
want to help reelect the president;join us tomorrow at 7:30 in the cme upstairs of the union;bring your friends.
oh thursday; listening to pandora 1st-&gt; taking back sunday then it goes to dashboard &amp; then old blink 182; pretty good start to the day!
pt2 there are always cheaper alternatives,if your girl wants "red bottoms" and you have to check your balance 1st, you can't afford it #fb.
-__- shid i may not be able 2 take screenshots of it but everybody  me; peyton siva kik'd me this morn #nolie.
don't hit the twitter for bookings and features; contact ransom201beats gangsta grillz sept 20th winters here.
fast bowler james pattinson has a buttock injury and won't play in tomorrow's third and deciding one day final against sri lanka;  #cricket.
new orleans saints live updates from joe vitt, drew brees press conferences: vitt, brees talk about monday night.
carles puyol could be out for up to 6 weeks after straining knee ligaments; further tests on the barca man tomorrow -.
make your way to hilton hotel and grab your tickets for  this coming monday even make reservations via this link.
hey marni;are you going to be at the kings next sunday;i would love to be able to meet you;xx.
moving in tomorrow; go tesco near me; and all the takeaways, bars and dmu gym is like just there; no more excuses for me tho; #teamgetfit.
last day of school tomorrow then im out too cuba :p haha.
be at ten thousand villages this thurs 4-8pm; choc tasting, henna tattoos, and proceeds go to support refugees in the triangle!
the last day of eid (monday)  ceasfire has ended with 115 martyrs including 7 children and 3 women, lcc #syria.
the cab will be closed monday and tuesday  due to the weather conditions of hurricane sandy; we appreciate your.
ddo you think ill have sats tomorrow.
i'm in the mood to get a gangsta grillz today, you think it will go over well at the work place on monday morning - is this the new normal?
house confidence vote on bribing, decree due tomorrow: (agi) rome - the house expressed confidence in the govern.
dancing round mate; just shocking; you will have to try and find it on internet tomorrow; honestly bad bad bad boxing.
do you have your hst made for the diamond chevrons qal; tomorrow the assembly directions go up.
is it ok to be looking forward to the extra hour of sleep this far out :) daylight saving time  sunday, november 4.
eden hazard on the bench for the blues ahead of united saturday, no english team has ever won in donetsk.
" s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable.
an opportunity to serve at the gazette's halloween parade tomorrow night;check it out.
rmb something again xd called jonghyun when they 1st come out during showkase(; then i was like jonghyun-ah~ and he bowed to me.
arrl: the k7ra solar update: a coronal mass ejection (cme) hit the earth on september 30, triggering a jump in g.
this may be the greatest thing i've done in my life (on me3).
boris enjoyed the view perched on top of bushels of apples at this past sunday's haunted market; boris is a.
tomorrow is karwa- choth delhi is going mad  .
yes, it is us: " ufo sighting in surprise, arizona on october 31st 2012 - it was an orange orb travlin;  " #aliens.
i posted 10 photos on facebook in the album "super saturday at adam rogers park".
thinkin of using the 'boris bikes' tomorrow; anyone ever used them;they any good?
cafe asia for the bday tomorrow night.
i sat with peter garrett once in business class; that's my story.
text of speech by gibraltar's chief minister at the finance centre lunch in london last monday.
aja's treats for her friends tomorrow;  the card says - aja wishes you a ghoulishly good halloween.
how come you've been all over melodi grand prix and not mentioned loreen in saturday's melodifestivalen?
colts defensive coordinator greg mausky confirms that olb robert mathis will play sunday vs; dolphins; mathis also says he's good to go.
berlusconi states he has walked out of the scene: (agi) milan, 19 october - "since i walked out of the scene i m.
anyone fancy giving me a ride from guildford to mitcham tomorrow at about 6pm.
see tomorrow on my blog; paris fashion week day 3 + viktor &amp; rolf show #pfw #givenchy #alexandermcqueen #par.
#texans: top supplemental draft prospect josh gordon conducted an individual pro day workout with the texans on tuesday.
best documentary feature goes to saving face, hahahaa only one opsi from this nomination, this's it;#oscars.
taylor swift attends the paris fashion week at espace ephemere tuileries; [3 oct].
ladies  grab a jacket, and head out to redbone's grill and bar for working womens tuesday; so what if it's a.
lies;i've been failing the math taks since like 6th grade man; :o.
prez will claim on monday that he got kony as well; #one termer #notoptimal.
kepr: state dot: snoqualmie pass lane closures may cause delays: if a trip over the cascades via interstate 90 is in.
why would the raps kick the tires on jordan farmar; would be a solid backup, even better 3rd string.
passionate about cnis' work, be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - winnipeg plaza 134 plaza dr.
consistently on a thursday at the perfect midway point 6 months before st patricks day rolls around again; #toarthur.
#vote4urdayumself comedy show w/  tomorrow @ the houston improv, 7:30 pm; free show;get #register2vote or #pledge2vote to enter.
best in show: paris fashion week roundup: as all you betrenders know, paris fashion week is coming to close today (october 3rd 2012).
online assoc with the 24th pick; jrue holiday, gerald green, jeff green, ibaka, greg oden.
i am telling you come what may, kareena kapoor will not win a national award for heroine.
siri vs; google voice search- may the best robot helper win  via.
turns out the issue we've been having w/ production is because some of our computers may not update time from internet.
coming in from lcc in laporte to see you being it; excited about tomorrow's service.
come and visit gregory gym on saturday for the orange vs; white scrimmage;your fans would love to see you :-).
jennifer lawrence needs to host saturday night life; just think of how amazing it would be asdfghjkl.
appearing on the cover of the august 19th; issue of time magazine, bob dole and jack kemp are featur.
i've amassed 1;5 million credits in me3 for the retaliation launch tomorrow; more than a little excited #me3 #mybodyisready.
starting tomorrow, we're tabling in front of gregory gym; work out, work with aiesec!
josh reddick was a big fan of that taylor kitsch guy from battleship when he was on friday night lights and had the hair.
barcelona will be without captain carles puyol for up to eight weeks after he dislocated his elbow in tuesday's .
apples innovation died or stopped with iphone 3; 120 billion in cash c'mon man redistribute the wealth .
sun is rising and we're not tired, we'll be dancing on for days with mad man;  well done, got goosebumps, new fave song &lt;3.
gerald green may have bounce, but he has no hangtime on those braids.
if you don't see me monday, tell everyone i shot myself in front of mario lemieux's statue.
thx for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent hashtag and rt/follow other local tweeps as per #bizitalk?
do you guys know if alli simpson will be at codys concert tomorrow?
attention;worldstarhiphop will be at #thefactory saturday;also a few people will be leaving with they bills paid;no tips;just bills!
hopefully going to a kony 2012 seminar on thursday; aka how to roast people who think ic is a legitimate charity.
remember folks; grabbed 3 more earnings plays today; celg,cme and hsy all calls for tomorrow;5/5 for the week   $cme.
see you in manila on sept  18;check this out;one of my shots from smash project in manila;\m/.
daylight saving time ends this weekend;  set your clocks back 1 hour before you go to bed on saturday night to get an extra hour of sleep!
lol;oh if you are free on sunday, i would like to invite you to women's day at my church.
this saturday; and  host cafe asia;live on the radio at 10pm w/.
i promise when i get back from charleston sunday i promise you we will do something monday.
juniors; tomorrow is the last day to order class rings;herf jones will be at school from 8-8:45.
watching a year with armin van buuren for the 4th time.
mt  council of can chair maude barlow hits road to speak on protecting the great lakes; 8-city tour will see her in #hamont may 16.
done and done;i haven't seen the last few episodes; i don't have internet until monday so i can't download them yet.
thanks;the result may be more sidney crosby than lanny mcdonald, but i will post my pics with pride either way ;).
taylor kitsch is all i need; yeah, see you tomorrow big guy; can't wait for bieksa's charity game.
but the 12th man is still the 'lionel messi' for the manc scums unfortunately.
retreat is where u want to be saturday night;hilton hotel on hillsborough rd, not by the airport like.
thinking i'm going to charleston tomorrow!
one of my favourite film series when i was a kid was 'halloweentown" they changed marni in the 3rd one tho;i have them on dvd too lol.
this just in; we will be going to kentucky aug 25th for a big pool party show;time to get nekkid; woo hoo.
wonderful trilogy of chef-studio dinners - first one is tomorrow night with the chef from paley's place.
about 30mins left b4 we close the poll; who would u like 2 see on the dec cover of cleo;kirsten stewart, nina dobrev or jennifer lawrence?
ps; good luck to all yall hittin up the act tomorrow.
hopefully marq gets far enough ahead to get the ft patrol out to get us the 2nd half over-going 2 a st pattys party &amp; get drunk.
penn state tight end kyle carter 'day-to-day' with ankle injury: on tuesday in the big ten coach;  #philly #sports.
overexposed tour, maroon 5 with the cab: through the eyes of a drummer - as you may have heard, the cab just.
irene+jimmy who married in bhutan, had a 2nd wedding in taipei; couldnt make it but our associates mc &amp; jean-michel did:.
sunday night wrap-up: manning, broncos roll saints: his arm might not be full strength yet; and then he whacked .
china telecom 1st half net profit falls 8;3% but beats expectations: china telecom also said that it would acqui.
"i always love meeting fans because they are the people that give me strength" - kim hyung jun #2700dayswithss501.
cincinnati coach butch jones on saturday foe syracuse: "(safety) shamarko thomas is one of the best players we have in the big east;".
umm i'm in the debate right now; i'm looking at the tribe party at the hardrock on thursday, rave, jouvert, scorch cooler fete.
good luck to my cousin on hspa tomorrow, praying for you mary; i know you can do it.
lal bahadur shastri is the rahul dravid of october 2;agree?
hey guys, guess what; i'm back at the lair on january 19th, it's going to be bigger and better;tickets go on sale next friday;xx.
anyone going to be in marshall tomorrow afternoon/night;#hmu.
today, 9 august 2012, is national women's day in south africa as well as international day of the world's indigenous people.
taco bell then bed; debating on going to school tomorrow or not.
when nba trades become official july 11th - i hear atl buys out the contract of jordan farmar; he will sign with a turkish team.
taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term: &lt;strong&gt;taipei (nov 2, 2012)&lt;/strong&gt;: taiwan's high court said friday it has extended ex.
who runs the world;girls;happy iwd.
maude barlow to speak in toronto on may 15; anyone from  toronto going?
46 years ago today new orleans was awarded the nfl's 16th franchise and the new orleans saints were born!
as vanuatu gears up for tomorrow's national elections, what do the people  want from their leaders;10pm mel, port vila.
sp says quota bill unconstitutional - samajwadi party on wednesday dubbed as "unconstitutional" the bill to provide .
fire andy and bench vick is how we win monday;put foles in already;  he could be the next peyton manning.
they are both jealous of the other; calli came over and laid down in my lap so cole sat on the couch beside.
james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour of england despite his expected recovery as the selectors ponder ;  #australia #cricket.
andando in bicicletta a roma -- si puo' dividere (share) pure li;shareable: changing bike culture in the eternal city:.
tens of thousands of people marched though taipei on saturday to push for the legalisation of same-sex marriage .
"check out the live big band on sunday evenings;" @ indian wells resort hotel:  #foursquare.
heads up: galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable -  /r.
chris mortensen reported that a deal is close to being done between nfl and the refs; could return on sunday; thank; god.
does anyone have an invitational at marshall for volleyball on the 6th?
what are you doing tomorrow night;come along to this and hear from one of kony's wives, abducted as a young.
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link, other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable  #gaffaw #fb.
trey burke tries to follow his older big bro sully with enrolling in  the nba draft;what's your say so should he go or stay;i say stay!
all of a sudden, my whole weekend filled up with fun; going rafting in the cascades tomorrow :).
just got home from garden city and sunnybank; working again tomorrow &gt;;&gt.
margenthaler really excited about this team; should compete well in northern sun, not big ten.
don't forget about congress;we'll discuss close races in calif; and around the u;s;, friday at 10am.
fri &amp; sat |hyatt regency indian wells, ca &amp; fitz kjjz|102;3 fm ; come join us for the grand re-opening party in.
i have a feeling that "on vinyl" may be the ultimate way to listen to aja; i'd love to have this.
i just saw your tweet about livin' on a prayer from the 25th; i am so proud of you and mad at twitter for not sharing sooner!
i left it up in sb with zane my b, i can see if the holmes can bring it back friday.
it's lookin up for the nfl;according to espn's chris mortensen, locked out officials may soon be back on the field.
watching john carter for 2nd time today; you could say i'm mildly obsessed with how good this plot is; and taylor kitsch's good looks.
nov;3rd 2012 kiss the ring: red bottoms and jays edition;fadda blaze and kindy fatal bday bash @ clubsbl.
great result for leverkusen to take the 3 points and putting an end to bayerns winning streak; where under a lot of pressure in the 2nd half.
terrence jones &amp; anthony davis presented roses to the derby winner; meanwhile, mike marra &amp; peyton siva gave the 3rd place horse a carrot.
[#happy7thanniversarythsk] "break out; is the 29th single of thsk that beats the record of elton john for twelve years and four months.
syria,homs,baba amr under the fire heavy bombing by al asad and his thugs 22 feb 2012.
sprint getting samsung galaxy tab 2 10;1 with lte support, on november 11th #phonearena.
slow economic gains in 3rd quarter: abj - october 26 - some reason for optimism surfaced during the third-quarte.
see you this wed, show is 10/10/12 @ 8p houston improv.
i love iconiacz that stand up for the boyz and the iconiac family; we may not have the biggest fan base, but we sure do have the strongest.
carles puyol will miss the el clasico against real madrid on sunday after dislocating his left elbow yesterday; #laliga #ligabbva #fcb #rmfc.
tomorrow is national women's day; anyone doing any interesting day trips tomorrow on the public holiday?
it's our undergraduate open day tomorrow;come and see everything dmu and the faculty of tech have to offer; more info:.
delicious comfort food on a cold saturday: braised ribs with apples, onions, potatoes and sauerkraut.
so now it seems daav(conspiracy) of yadav have back fired;and if true/proved may create troubles for akhilesh yadav and samajwadi party.
kim hyung jun ;i love you ; ^^.
but mitt rumnee, wat are you gonna do wen its dec 21st and the apocalypse comes and kony is the ruler of the world.
if you're off campus, we've got you, too;babel will be at the art's garage with hyphen and invisible children tomorrow at 7!
marni; i thought that it was you; it's roula; good luck tomorrow.
all ready for the tour tomorrow;maryland, atlantic city, nyc,; we'll be bringing some engelbert music to all the sandy affected areas!
some crazy people from thursday at the toronto burlesque festival #tbf2012   @ gladstone hotel.
we also have more college football all day saturday and nfl all day sunday;  dawgs vs ole miss at 3:30 sat.
just got off the plane and hopped on marta heading to see xavier rudd at center stage; yeah c'mon!
remember "kony 2012": 20 april cover the night;any evidence of activity in london?
our next broadcast is monday when the soccer team takes on seaholm in the first game of the mhsaa districts.
miles just hit a 3, matched by gerald green;indy is a deep team;good test for cavs tonight;down 3 half way thru 2nd;waiters returning.
this saturday at 1;30pm (australian times) the janoskians will be hosting their top 20 favourite songs on mtv hits.
cosatu will convene a workers rally at olympia park stadium in rustenburg on the 27 october, for the reinstatement of dismissed mineworkers.
national women's day 9th of august, hifly will be closed for the day.
i thought it was the football team at 1st until i scrolled down and saw trey burke; lol.
the guy who let me borrow his ohio state bag friday night just said i can keep it; saweeeeet; good day for liz!
sounds like april may know the person that has taken her but just hope we don't have another tia sharp case on our hands.
reuters right now: cme acquisition provides opportunities: oct 17 - the cme's purchase of the kansas city board .
european exchanges open with a slight rise: (agi) rome, october 24 - european exchanges opened with a slight ris.
travelling to leicester from ipswich to check out dmu with bex, third saturday on the trot visiting unis.
thought-provoking piece with ian bennett  on new #blues manager lee clark in tomorrow's birmingham mail #bcfc.
hearing taco bell, makes me want taco bell; i hate you now; can we all go to taco bell tomorrow?
i can't believe the first semi-final of melodifestivalen was just yesterday; can we press fast-forward to  #teamdanny.
hyung jun's interview is super long;can't believe it took me 45 minutes; am i this slow.
derrick rose may be the worst at doing press conferences, he can't talk to save his life.
jennifer lawrence may be the most crushable girl ever, but we've got some honorary mentions from the hunger games!
post edited: siri vs; google voice search- may the best robot helper win  #review #siri #theidoctor.
well i hope you turning up on the weekend ; cause i get to york on the 16th (:.
more bad news; we turn clocks back on sunday; daylight saving time ends; may make it worse in northeast; another "benefit from #sandy.
on mtv hits in 30 minutes taking us behind the scenes of her "under the sun" video.
we've lost hq to wills+kate+the olympics till mid september; i'll have words; party on boris bikes tho.
#fakta on the 8th of mar 191 cao cao attempted an assassination on dong zhuo; an evil tyrant that use the last emperor of han as a puppet.
pop bottles, make love, thug passion, red bottoms, mon claire, high fashion.
am i the only one, that imagined a jeff foxworthy voice while reading  's blog "; then the disavow tool may be for you".
stopped to watch a show cause i saw jeff foxworthy and thought it was are you smarter than a 5th grader; it was american bible challenge#fml.
will be presenting speakers at this friday's youth shout out forum at challenge stadium with the honorable julie bishop and peter garrett.
ahh i want to see prepix again tomorrow but i need to go to church haha.
ferry schedules changes with end of daylight saving time: daylight saving time ends at 2 a;m;, sunday, ;  #seattle.
man it better be some blens out george mason friday night;one of the prettiest big boys in the eastern province will be present.
it's wedding wednesday;today on the blog we are sharing a gorgeous gladstone hotel wedding.
"ah ha" moments don't make house calls;  get yours  at the #npes annual conference, nov; 10-12, indian wells, ca.
rise and shine getting the field in good shape before pro day tomorrow #uisbaseball2013.
national women's day in #southafrica this thursday, 9 august; promote  gender equality and an end to abuse of women in africa + the world.
#telecom #news china telecom repairs a broken telephone pole with - m;i;c; gadget: by herman lai, posted jun 18,.
rip jordan farmar nba career 2006-2012; from being the 26th overall pick, 2x nba champ to the nets to it's final resting place in istanbul.
on thursday, concealed-carry gun license holders will be given a new right in the state of oklahoma: the ability.
we're watching the apple special event live here  (tip: use safari).
" espn's chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita's career may be over due to a neck injury: bounty victim.
them seniors gone beat the juniors tomorrow.
does anyone else find it odd #mccann jumped on april jones bandwagon,but didnt say  word about tia sharp where family involved ?
who knows;may be one day, eastern province become an independent state .
deir ezzor :: colonel mohammed al-abdullah, from the 4th division, and the lt; recruit feras mohammed al-abdullah have defected #syria ne.
throwback sunday;;seaholm game with.
#news pepe reina believes the stylish manner of liverpool's 3-0 victory over fc gomel on thursday;  (lfc website).
we got lost in the eternal city on our 1st night &amp; stumbled upon this treasure #italianengagement.
jason russell  sets the record straight on  #nextchapter oct 7 at 9/8c #kony2012 #move.
that's asking a lot; that would mean a lot of big east dominance and late ncaa march runs; bring it on!
wondering what kind of recognition  will do of post-#sandy nyc at saturday's rfk game against the red bulls; #mls.
thank god bob gainey isnt the gm of monteal anymore; he probably would have tried to pick mario lemieux with the 3rd pick #tsn #nhldraft.
it only took 5 days for them to fix the broadband outage; china telecom may be improving.
katy gallagher just so much more intelligent and gracious than zed; may not vote for her party, but respect her as chief minister; #actvotes.
##$$## black friday deals samsung un46es7500 46 inch 240hz 1080p 3d wifi led hdtv bundled with samsung's bd-e6500 3d.
marguerite the photographer: irish heather, gastown, vancouver; happy st; patrick's day everybody; (17 mar 2012).
jordan farmar who may get bought out would be better but even then only for the minimum if he would take it.
just got a craving for candy cane hot chocolate; is it december yet ?
robert griffin throws a td pass on 4th down in the first quarter then the steelers get revenge and block the extra point.
the  game will be held sunday night at 8 pm ct on cbs college sports; you can follow the event blog:.
if i feel even worse tomorrow for my chem exam, i'm going to be sooooo mad.
bummed we don't get to see arrow until saturday because of the chicago bulls game.
; the next mitcham forum meeting is on 23 october in vestry hall; would welcome suggestions for the agenda.
after a day of racing, the 2nd floor is ready to get to the comcast center for the annual formal crew dinner #newshoes #newjackets #sameswag.
me3's multiplayer has totally sucked me back in thanks to tuesday's update; brilliant dlc, even before you factor in that it's free.
just found out i'm graduating may 30th at the comcast center.
maude barlow: why i am going to be in victoria on october 22nd   #nopipelines #notankers #tarsands.
i'm so excited omg; give them to colton :d lol and i have cookies for you tomorrow.
hi fiona thanks for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent and rt/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk :).
move: invisible children's new film from the creators of kony 2012; take time to look, share and be active on nov 17th!
ask me about the food expo- abj food festival at the eagle square abuja 7th- 9th dec '12; rock bottom prices on food for the festive season!
i understand that the saints d is terrible but manning is unreal; makes every 3rd down; impressive.
this weekend fri-sun the legendary  returns to the houston improv and sunday's show is for all ages 13+!
buy your tickets this week for the smash project 2012 at ticketnet outlets; smash project 2012 on march 8, 2012 at.
1st debate showed emperor has no clothes;wonder how the court jester, shoeless joe will do against ryan;#gop.
going to myrtle beach tomorrow with the fraternity lets get it.
double lock the doors tonight; mrs bob's unconscious self may go wandering, nekkid &amp; angry; not sure brownhills is ready.
watching the hunger games; i'd totally have sex with jennifer lawrence; josh may join.
have to go stand at the apple store like a right dork tomorrow to upgrade my recently purchased ipad3 for the ipad4; sigh; #1stworldproblems.
senate building open to the public on saturday 3 november: (agi) rome - palazzo madama, the senate building, wil.
kim hyung jun - football team the 2nd a match at yeongdeungpo-gu daerimdong [12;10;27] credit : tlsxhah #8.
2 goals by ricardo olivares in the 1st 2 minutes of the game assisted by ian bennett then logan chaucer.
dst ends this weekend;  we fall back nov 4 at 2 am; thanks for  for the reminder.
fans; stay at jurys inn hotel saturday night and enjoy brighton; we are just 9 minutes from the amex stadium by train.
3rd annual women's day was another one for the books, it's getting bigger and better, thank you all, great effort #teamgdcf.
just found out i'm going to the colts game sunday #daymade.
rahul dravid &lt;3 you may not be in the national team; but you are always in our national anthem;  like | tag.
download fast ipad hd video player guide: do you have to shy away from looking to be whipped;you may not see at.
okay so my fam is going to queen mary tomorrow i'm really scared of hunted houses and this is a big o hunted.
invisible children's new movie has just 30k views since launching on saturday; what's the acholi for "busted flush"?
storm aftermath: abj - october 30 - millions of people in the eastern united states awoke this morning to floode.
"hu you know" where to be this saturday @ cafe asia w/  &amp.
i was there for international women's day in march; hope to return soon;i love it!
bears suffer a 2-1 loss at sdsu tonight  next up - no; 4/5 ucla on sunday in los angeles #gobears.
what did petraeus tell the intel comm; sept 13 and why did  blame the video?
#11 john isner has beaten #1 novak djokovic  7-6, 3-6, 7-6 in the bnp paribas open; welcome to the world's top 10 #johnisner.
"who did you meet in edinburgh castle this evening; "oh, just bill joy, vc and founder of sun microsystems" #wtf.
positive thinking ; after the win today newcastle utd are only 3 points off 5th position and 5 points off 3rd spot, bring on a surge #toon.
oct 15 (mon) -- cjrc event reminder: "recovery from the great east japan earthquake - building smart communities" 12:30pm, dml 233.
congrats for the 10 million of lovatics, our body is ready for your 4th album, love ya &lt;3.
in honor of  leading theological students astray: "hair band tuesday" features giant's last of the runaways.
presidents' day, april fools day, easter, mother's day, memorial day, and father's day;then you get your permit.
get ur tix now for fatboy slim , we are doing the new live visual set before him ; so see u at kl live this saturday 14 july.
lady gaga came to japan again; she is a a real japanophile, so this is the 3rd visit since the great east japan earthquake.
#justathought if england don't call up zaha before january, there is a chance of him being called up by ivory coast for the cup surely.
i liked a  video  dtac deezer -- the 1st social music streaming in asia (available now).
champion hurdle tips - hurricane fly bidding to retain the champion hurdle: ruby walsh riding hurricane fly on t.
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger; mario williams to play sunday post-wrist surgery:.
field trip to the west end;t  imelda staunton may star in london revival of gypsy.
next sunday i'm going to city nightclub just to hear  play.
thanks;i still have m with me; she goes back to mother's day out on the 6th.
for anyone in korea interested, mlg dallas will probably start on the morning of 11/3; i know what i'm doing saturday.
someone runs the wrong route on 3rd and 8, but andy lee saves it with a monster punt; special teams to the rescue?
i'm going to stray from the path at hoosier dome in indianapolis, in - oct 10.
haven't made your plans or friday night;come out and hang with us the slackers at schooners from 7-10;will b a great time;bring friends!
win #3 for bowyer; and for the 3rd time can't drive it to victory lane #nascar.
fab day in #bristol today; now time for fish n chips from argus then off to see #looper, sat nights were made for this #nice.
got science pssa's tomorrow; what's the point of retaking them when i did all the study island remediation already;school sucks man.
dec 1st :) are you guys back from korea by that time?
see everyone around the st;  patrick's day parade on 5th ave, 1000 hours; have a great day!
just hung up with south florida  --- whose team will try to make the ncaa tournament for the 2nd straight year.
chelsea make ivory coast star january priority | givemefootball  via.
and1 going be at allderdice tomorrow; wonder if my brother wants to go.
official:  vs;  part deux is going down december 29th at the mgm grand in vegas; #ufc155!
finally got to see the announcement #magic ;very inspiring story to never give up;god will help no matter what the circumstances may be.
coldwater track at mac championship tonight;  go cavs; also a neat way to end freshman bb season with a fri night dh at celina on turf.
soaking rain falls across metroplex: widespread rain across the metroplex soaked the region saturday,;  #dallas #news.
#teamfollowback la liga: barca and betis march on, malaga held: real betis moved up to fourth in the table after.
welcome to europe vickie,  see you on sunday in nottingham uk, looking forward to you dishing some dirt on cena and aj; xxxxxxx.
how much pi do you need; you might have observed pi day on march 14; it gets its name from 3;14, the first thre.
congrats on truck win; so happy 4 denny;hope 4 win on sunday;u looked super cute in victory lane; best of luck with ur babygirl.
oomf just told me league pass is free till the 6th.
can't sleep; got a lot on my mind; if i can't get to the wgc tourney in russia, i really need to fight in dec/jan; gotta stay busy!
nearly 14-minute mark in the 3rd quarter before michael dyer is mentioned on the clemson-auburn telecast; many bets lost on the under.
michael dyer just may be the dumbest young man alive;smh.
go native jet-powered at galway; available at 50/1 for the champion hurdle, may go over fences.
daylight savings time ends this sunday; except arizona, where we gain the hour because we don't have to change any the clocks; #smallvictory.
nobody knows if drose will have the same game ever again when he does return;  march seems awfully optimistic to me.
will texans see the old mario williams on sunday;    #nfl #buffalo #bills.
miss last friday's soundboard, our partnership with  and.
kyocera to supply 30mw of modules for solar power plant in northern japan: following the july start of a new fee.
if you missed  mra on tues it's back on 50 mins pay attention cause there's a chance to hang out with hbk.
next upper room meeting this wednesday in the treacy hall at 7;30pm; all welcome.
qingdao news, pics &amp; more - tracy mcgrady wore snes with his picture on them during his 1st practice ;  #travelnews.
nina, could you share with readers, last year in the life of marilyn monroe, vol1 is free today and fri!
just had a guy come into the shop enquiring about a kyocera toner; his name was paul kimber ;i knew friday.
~;~t u cant just tweet sum1 guess who imma see thursday and nit tweet them back;&gt;;&lt; lol.
elsa has now launched the 11th edition of the elsa moot court competition on wto law; sign up and face the.
welcome october;6'o clock series "how to rock a career fair" (iup/hub); indiana free library great books series with dan shively 7:30pm.
awesome final dress;so excited for moby dick the musical, opening tomorrow at the dl parsons theatre in northglenn;#ifyoulovemeyouwillcome.
via  latest computer information supports rainfall of 1-2" in the metroplex thru tomorrow; higher amounts likely south of i-2.
life size cardboard cut outs of obama and romney;acquired; mark your calendars and join the pssa at gerts on november 6th!
gators can't get caught looking ahead to march: so tell me, when does the ncaa tournament start?
omg; who wants to go see duelo with me this friday.
new link with times:    shishi-odori (deer dance) from tohoku  in london on 8&amp;9 sept.
yes conan;quick answer the door;it's willard mitt romney's 6th son, and he wants equal time.
if your around this weekend were playing in claytons on sunday night about 9.
get up to date commentary on the medium term budget policy statement sa budget from deloitte tax experts #sabudget on 25 oct read more.
- this is why the bnp will never get elected; they may put on suits but what is behind them won't be hidden, thank god.
u guys enjoy la marina tonight i'll b at nikki beach miami ; 1st pitcher of sangria.
vote for which song you want to hear tomorrow at 6:30pm;btw, hedley will be here in town tomorrow night along.
(correction: tohoku appears in the 2nd mix folder for encore extra stage only, not extra stage;).
#mp3 2ne1 - i am the best (dj marcelo rocha 1st kpop mix) mp3 download; music database, songs, video, file  #music #song.
but when yall see that nissan titan ; riding thur cary, with them 28's on it; yall can see that a nigga grind has begun to pay off!
report: michael dyer stopped in march with gun, marijuana by unusually understanding state trooper: sunday, arka.
i'm going to be a girl naruto tomorrow cough cough.
down to 2 at the final table; merson and sylvia; no shame for the kid balsiger; 3rd place and $3;8 million is great for the 21 yr old.
lookin for somethin to do this sat nite;come relax with me, along with david owen, @ the marine room in la jolla,.
just me and iona i think, you are very welcome to come though, i may need the support;haha.
get on down to ab field in albion tomorrow for the qld v nsw shield match starting at 10am; promises to be a cracker; #bulls.
dave just entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sunday, 10 march 2013!
1st preview of the new hu w/    &amp;   tonight: 12:30am pt on reelz!
lol mr brower sun look like the dude barbosa who play for the celtics.
thur; kick: tebow's new girlfriend, mario williams didn't want to leave hou, more legal troubles for d; bryant.
chunji's one wish was for teen top to get 1st place on a music program; can you guess what day that was when they 1st won;#1005chunjiday.
blast of the war @ kl live, life centre, from 4pm 2day (7/7/12) ft may, ftg, rockers, brain dead &amp; logam; dont miss it:.
happy friday everyone;check of leah's pick of the week:  glasses: miyagi "talia" sunglasses: oliver peoples.
supra test drives this sunday; come and test drive the latest supra and moomba boats this sunday the 12th of.
can't wait to stay with kayla and levi tomorrow night.
i haven't made game-by-game predictions, but i think it'll take a few breaks to get to 27-28 wins before selection sunday.
daylight savings ends saturday, so that's where the extra hour is coming from; follow  for more details; #toonami.
would you mind sharing with readers, "last year in the life of marilyn monroe, vol1" is free today and fri.
i put 'do not take out or upload a 2nd time (for example youtube, vimeo, tudou, youku, etc)' its the same thing.
moderate-heavier rain moving toward racine;should be dry for the 6th annual st; patrick's day parade though, starts @ 12; bring sunscreen.
pope from 30; he is good;nissan titan;this guy may have the leg for 50; #argoslive.
hbsbhsdv might be going to see sweeney todd in west end on monday;imelda staunton.
4-yard td pass from philip rivers to eddie royal; extra point good; chiefs down 0-7 with 10:04 left in 1st quarter.
are you going to go to levi's tomorrow.
attended the grand opening for larkburger in northglenn;  yummy fries; stop in starting tomorrow and support.
big is growing as a new sport clothes brand that will see the light on december 8th during pacquiao vs marquez iv at the mgm grand; #big.
terra madre on bachelor's walk may fit the bill :).
i always thought michael dyer &amp; isiah crowell would play a big game in nov for a conference title; just didn't know it would be the swac.
polish see dyngus day as their answer to st; patrick's day parade: d'ella heschmeyer, center, dances with the kr.
from milano, roberto &amp; eva cavalli, sharon stone, the head of mac, just cavalli backstage, show, new store next sunday.
looks like we will be headin the charleston again, jan 4 winter jam!
half way to st patrick's day is on tomorrow pj gallagher's irish pub drummoyne;don't miss out on seeing the irish.
the vp of the senegalese football federation has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday's home tie with ivory coast.
book depository may be cheap but the inferior printing quality of some of their products is almost not worth it.
omg  kita baru check dm;congrats;see you soon (seafood) hehe and see you at deloitte in feb;yay;so happy for you :d.
c'mon guys, break it up;happy labour day xxx.
the last few snakes in ireland were found at blarney gaa hall during the st; patrick's day parade; pic courtesy.
i just finished my super psycho sweet 16 part 3; i've loved the whole series  for made for tv movies they're actually good.
chunji's 1st ever audition song: 4men's "baby baby"  (you can see him singing a short snippet at 0:58) #1005chunjiday.
don't wait til the last minute to book your booths and get tix for soundboard on march 11th;you will live to regret it!
laroche launches a two-run shot off tim byrdak, extending the #nats lead to 5-1 over the #mets; his 17th homer of the season.
yahoo;down 22 lbs;once i'm in the gym 3-4 times a week after the 19th of november, the weight should drop off exponentially!
mother's day is coming like tomorrow or is it today;idk, but i didn't prepare anything for me's mom.
can i get a retweet for my 17th birthday hbk;#dx btw do you have a fan mail address that u sign things through;#hbk4life.
the home &amp; garden show with ken brown, live from menne nursery, sat sept 22, 11 am; listen to wben am 930 and call in with your questions.
brentley takes a coffeyville fumble 15 yards for the defensive score; missed pat, 34-12 phs; 4:34 2nd #vkscores.
another tough win for us today;never been in the semi's in bnp paribas open;next match on thursday :-).
sitting on the floor in the upper room where the 120 sat waiting on outpouring of holy ghost on day of pentecost.
just thought about the fact that i'm now a junior; psat, pssa, sat's, benchmarks, benchmarks, homework and, prom; wow; #classof2014.
i wish fundraising money could be easier ;i wanna go to belize again this march break on a mission trip ;anyone want to support ; ?
golf tomorrow;meet at the forum at 2pm.
#soccer la liga: barca and betis march on, malaga held: real betis moved up to fourth in the ta;  #soccernet #espn.
lovatics loves demi; some lovatics bullying other fans because they spelt a word wrong, it's not their 1st language;bullying;wow; just wow.
good luck to all the people taking the ogt's tomorrow;#stayfocus #eatup.
seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for march 14 - fyxnews.
reggie wayne may be old but he still got it!
'what's the date; normal people; october 13th;swiftie's; swiftober 13th aaaaaah it's swift day.
"party for the parade" friday oct 12th from 8 - 12pm we are kicking off the st patrick's day celebrations a.
bryce harper triples home solano with the tying run in the 10th off tim byrdak;  4-4 #mats and #nats.
'fashion star' crew still picketing: tv news:              negotiations with producers began monday.
uprising muse | format: mp3 download (5)release date: july 26, 2012 download:  $0;25 (visit the hot new releases.
happy labour day slicers : ) we found some sun earlier and are chasing the waves today, back tomorrow for all.
inkigayo with  yay this is our saturday night &lt;3  #kpop_stream.
i'm about to send #p4d "pennies 4 dollars" 1st ever single to dj's who want to hear another lane of music.
so  i think we need a directioners day again with ayesha; but; cant be the 26th.
fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door; and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints.
chilllllin like a villian;orono bound tomorrow with the best to be with the best;  #xoxoxo #love&amp;cuddles.
100 days in 100 minutes; tonight in orono, friday in rockport, sunday in belfast;  don't miss it.
alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win iditarod: dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tuesday even.
the san diego #chargers expect wide receivers eddie royal and malcom #floyd to play in monday night's game against the denver #broncos.
mom absent on mother's day -  hello, mother's day 2010 fell on my weekend with my son; thursday prior, i asked the.
i'm so excited for tomorrow;"directioners day" and 2 years anniversarry one direction ;:') i'm soo proud of you guys;l .
#fx new york, oct 18 (reuters) - the federal reserve provided $4;701 billion of liquidity to the ;  #eur #aud #cad.
gus malzahn knew of march 10 traffic stop of michael dyer; here's a statement on why he waited to act.
really;we always had to make stuff for mothering sunday at playgroup/primary school etc.
late surge carries unc past shaw: six minutes into the second half at the smith center on friday night, north.
oh my my this here anakin guy, may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry;" -weird al yankovic 'the saga begins.
q2 10:30; philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the san diego 19 for 7 yards; 3rd &amp; 1.
i hear you are visiting anchorage ak on monday;and meeting dallas seavey;is the event open to the general public?
[wto] kmt's representative to wto may have "watered down all terms related to sovereignty in the report of the.
smbiz feed--&gt; 5 recently added entries in the encyclopedia of life:  the encyclopaedia britannica may have cease.
did you see girl scouts on the  morning show for #cdos on saturday;here's the video:.
yea with the band to march in the st patrick's day parade but we were on a set schedule so i didn't get to do alot.
"happy hunger games;and may the odds be ever in your favour;" ~ suzanne collins, the hunger games #quotes #bookquotes.
i'm too excited ; finally tomorrow is the premiere of big time movie will be a great time at adrenalina;colombia is ready.
billy gillispie is awful; nothing's worse than him being your coach; unless it's losing to him in the 2nd round of the 2007 ncaa tournament.
as of tomorrow #htc &amp;  are a month late (or a year) in updating my thunderbolt to #ics; and phones with #jellybean are available.
driving from nashville to atl to see rush for the 11th time;second row pitt baby;yahoo.
get in dons 1-1 byrooooooon harrisooooooon 7th goal of the season.
long beach state may be in good shape for the ncaa tournament, but they'd miss the big west tournament if the season ended today.
saturday sapt; 8 saints end of summer birthday bash; cookout n some brewskies; then it's time to start planning our infamous winter jam!
;) seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for friday  medical marijuana inc.
i don't know if there's a greater indictment of the current gop than it violating reagan's 11th commandment to attack christie; what a joke.
the last day of pssas;juniors will be testing during 1st and 2nd and then they are done with pssas.
i may not be a fan of the spurs, but they play some amazing basketball.
mccashin's brewery won 2 awards last night in the deloitte fast 50- 1st in manufacturing and 3rd overall is new.
can you be a "turkey trotter" or  other interesting volunteer positions for karm's basket of hope on sunday.
so living the 6 figure life may be nice; i think it may be neat; mr; miyagi taught patience;it will come!
msa is having a poo-poo kind of day; :(  if you are experiencing trouble with the site, i apologize;  we may be.
ladies come throw that ass and niggas come throw that cash hypelounge tomorrow my birthday bash btw nitemoves foam party we still having it.
i know i'm late, but i enjoyed meeting you at paleyfest in march; i am from bethlehem, pa; love you on bones;  :-).
amazing giveaway win any book of your choice from the book depository (under $15).
oh i wonder if  is doing a booth in northglenn for the 4th of july;gotta make sure people know the power of poutine;lol yum.
tickets still available here :  for friday night's party with teengirl fantasy, patten and syracuse.
might be going to the spurs match on saturday.
save the date; what women want saturday, may 12th / 7-10pm at nikki beach miami with a fantasy french cabaret.
i think a trip to the good old orono on the 17th or 18th would be a fab idea :).
first song i luvd by the boys: moments, 2nd: up all night, uan album comes out: i wish, save you tonight, stole my heart, now: cant choose!
backstage update on undertaker, may miss wrestlemania: the unthinkable in the  wwe  may be coming to fruition if.
there are still tickets available for the mar 9 panel at paleyfest; let's make #castle a sold out event;get tix here:.
the music is just so good; u_u yoko kanno is an amazing composer and may'n's vocals, ahhhh.
#syria 14:oct picture for the fighting yesterday in karm eljabl.
saturday night adult swim (cowboy bebop + ghost in the shell) reminds me how much i adore yoko kanno's music; such an amazing composer.
fitted hawaii mua new era x tahiti logo - see the full gallery on posterous releasing tomorrow at the fitted.
lol yeah was all set to oppose on sat until he got drawn vs richard bland lol.
just went to hmv and meek mills album don't come out till monday #pissed #dreamsandnightmares #dreamsandnightmares.
#capebretonpost news avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress.
just remembered i'm taking the pssas tomorrow; #fml.
just watched undertaker vs triple h from mania 28; even better the 2nd time around!
at shaker practice as they prepare for super bowl matchup with shen on friday.
southampton's richard bland is -9 after his 2nd round in the madeira islands open on the european tour; currently tied 4th, 3 off the lead.
the hunger games " may the odds forever be in your favour;".
25-year-old dallas seavey wins iditarod - dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday, becoming .
abraham decisions stieglitz to win wbo title: in saturday night action from the o2 world arena in berlin, german.
me: "pi day is march 14th, you know because pi is 3;14"  "oh yeah;i was thinking of 411".
"myungsoo back to korea today , and he will go to japan tomorrow morning" omf no wonder he looked so tired and getting thinner :((.
even tho; lakers are 0-2 i still believe they`ll be in that court on june against the celtics, or heat #idcwhatthehatershavetosay.
i'm a senior and i'm taking my ogt's for the first time tomorrow ; that's what i get for moving to #cali #ohwell.
so glad i don't have to retake the pssa's tomorrow; good luck to the 200 some that do; hahaha #ratchet.
will you be having an anniversary outdoor concert like you did for your 20th with michael ball;that was an amazing evening.
community returns this thursday night at 8 on nbc; i saw it at paleyfest but i'm watching it again;#anniesboobs.
"dirty harry" just started on reelz; i may have to share a few choice quotes if the mood strikes me; i shall try to be restrained.
hoosier dome in indianapolis tomorrow; let's make this bananas!
murray out in straight sets: andy murray suffered a surprise early exit from the bnp paribas open in indian well.
xyriel manabat promotes the value of conserving electricity in "wansapanataym" this saturday  (via.
argus: are you undecided about who you will vote for in the 17th congressional district;: are you undecided ab.
busy week 4 us:  at  on the 12th,  at  on the 15th n noah at kl live on the 16th, u comin?
it's tuesday :d #np moanin - yoko kanno (ost; sakamichi no apollon).
girl scouts will be out picking up trash through hawley on november 3; this is just to do our part in helping keep hawley clean; we will.
fashion king seems nice after watching the 1st episode :).
happy birthday mom;2nd round of music on the house , much love to the calle doce for the gracious hospitali.
#chargers are on the board with a philip rivers 4 yd td pass to eddie royal; they lead the #chiefs 7-0 early in the 1st quarter; #nflfantasy.
this sunday @ city nightclub in toronto; last night open; clubs gonna be ram up;see you there?
whoo;clippers won the season opener;the lakers are now 0-2; the battle of l;a; starts friday; let's go;:) #clippernation.
coming up in your weekend argus tomorrow: kalk bay waves cause some damage in the area.
valentine's just keeps getting better for me; saw the trailer to my super psycho sweet 16 part 3 and it airs on mtv march 13th;yess.
i got the practice cahsee tomorrow at school; dear practice cahsee, can you not; sincerely, me.
i want to watch dance academy but i want to sleep; sleep wins i'll watch dance academy tomorrow.
now i get it: moebius and ray bradbury went before to be at neil armstrong's 2nd landing; dreamers.
it's our 3rd birthday;on 14;10;09 we launched with support from cherie blair; here's what we've done since:.
brentley is away tonight, i miss him;but it's nice to have a little break once in a while; sleeping all day tomorrow!
chris rene is coming to new zealand nov 5, 6 ans 7th;dm  to get him in the studio!
cause it's friday 13th, i'm watching my super psycho sweet 16 part 1 &amp; 2 #youknowyolo.
chuck close is creating mosaics for the 86th st; station of the 2nd ave subway; this makes me hate the project a lot less; well played, mta.
the west bank may be looking to cut the gaza strip loose in its talks with israel; rumors are flying of an israeli/west bank state.
is wikipedia more reliable than the encyclopaedia britannica;worth a 2nd thought for librarians and young researchers:.
kuromori kagura, japanese traditional dance, comes to towson from the tohoku region, saturday november 3.
love the new mix by jason vernau  live @ nikki beach miami march 11th 2012 by  via #soundcloud.
whyd the dumb bish get em in the 1st place; eva longoria removing 3 tattoos related to tony parker -.
if spurs had been stuffed would mccarthy be sat there on motd;or arry;u bet it'd be arry!
with all this love coming from the city, youngstown we better have that metroplex thang on a millie come friday;#fridaynightlive.
hey you; go to the carnival tomorrow.
interesting #tea-trivia #2: tea is the 2nd most consumed beverage in the world.
argus dental plan becomes 1st dental plan in the us to receive   accreditation;read our press release:.
anxious for the one next wednesday i need to get to the bottom of this bobbi kristina and nick thing.
this;it's great that kyocera and pantech are filling the gap, but; "  may want to consider physical qwerty:  ".
um ben tickle from dance academy just replied to me; i may or may not be grinning right now.
yo if u don't vote nov 6th for frank bolanos for mayor of doral;drop kicks and elbows to the face maa niggaa.
thank god tomorrow is the last day for pssas!
#sanleandro-raised #nonitodonaire (30-1), beats toshiaki nishioka tonight with a tko in 9th round to retain the wbo featherweight title.
never knew moebius though; looked like a cool artist;why do all the great artist always die in march.
#info: "spring breakers" will premiere on october 21 at the 2012 tiff (tokyo international film festival).
even i didn't know it's 18th sept at kl live to be exact :p.
october 13;duelo is going!
her is a chevy spark in dons favorite color;  i may joke, but this color sells out as soon as the dealer gets.
tracy mcgrady signed with a team in china today;  clearly, that team does not have aspirations of reaching the 2nd round.
daylight savings time is sunday folks; and we "fall" back; maybe that will give some of you lethargic losers a reason to be early to work.
just corrected a wrong in the world and listened to these magnet hearts by kina grannis for the 1st time; i suggest you all do the same.
make sure you tune into the saga exclusively on temple's only student run radio whip at iheartradio monday through thursday's at 9pm.
last day for supplementary nominations to swedish gn and champion hurdle, mon june 4th at 12 noon (11;00 gmt) e-mail sport.
fashion star tomorrow; should be a fun long day.
s/o to  for making it to the mac championship game tomorrow;good luck ladies!
yo; this reminds me; are you going to teengirl fantasy and  on monday?
30 on the sun, 720 on the dunks; perm pressed hair smells like sharon stone.
deadly israeli strike, fire from gaza mar truce: a deadly israeli airstrike into the gaza strip and rocket and.
this will be the exact download site;check it out;"the hunger games" download here on nov 1st; &gt;&gt;&gt.
why wouldn't tim byrdak start the 8th with a heavy lefty lineup;makes no sense; shows with the homer; #mets.
oppa you back to seoul tonight because you can show in inkigayo tomorrow :( take care, i will miss you babe :* &lt;3.
we're going tomorrow; multi chamber of commerce event at nikki beach miami 8/8/12.
snsd jessica 'koon with a view' opening party oct 18, 2012 girls' genera;:  via  yellow dress.
pgs gold buyers will be in the st; patrick's day parade tomorrow handing out special flyers and coupons to.
it's a formal disqualification as the match v ivory coast was abandoned; they may also face a ban from 2015 tournament.
i got tickets to go see iamsu in december in sac, who wants one ; $17 regular, you want to meet hbk gang iamsu $25.
federal reserve sticks with stimulus: the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday, de;  #sanantonio.
still 2 weeks until the 1st episode so that is good at least; i hope it won't be like love rain or fashion king, film until end lol.
breaking news: i'm going to youmacon with my sister on saturday; i will be dressing up as every character from naruto.
m83 baby;hopefully, the crowd won't be too rowdy like coachella; (@ hammerstein ballroom for m83 and sun airway).
whoa;my wife wasn't kidding;"the walking dead" is quite good;i'm on the 5th episode of the 1st season on.
forum post id:96738 - sunday history photo / qld: a little late today, we all know what campers say about genera.
c'mon sean parker, step it up;little ass nigha.
i woke up to see the sun shining all around me; yoko kanno on pandora   #pandora.
the picture is from karm al-zeitoun massacre in march you can find one with the same children on 60/70%.
tomorrow the judge will decide his own fate when he pass a verdict on  case; nabeel is a free man.
the spurs beat the thunder 86-84 to win their 2nd in a row in the nba; t;duncan with 20 points and 8 rebounds for san antonio; #nba.
it was aired on friday oct 26 2012 at nhk , i'll try to find the source ^-^.
watching michael ball's performance of empty chairs at empty tables in the 10th anniv, and hit with sudden extreme feels ogod perfection.
nikki beach miami is excited to welcome back our good friend patrick m this sunday along with nikki beach's.
holy shit; rebecca black donated all her earnings from friday to help the japan earthquake; this changes everything.
mario williams is catching hell;he will be exposed on sunday; not like buffalo don't see him 4 who he is already!
love the euro tracks they play on #z1035 every wednesday night at city nightclub;#tonymonaco.
are you going to laidback luke tomorrow?
xyriel manabat teached the value of commitment in "wansapanataym" this saturday  (via.
flower closeups: flower: kon;has added a photo to the pool:  donation for japan earthquake 11th march2011www1.
carnival tomorrow in the horseshoe/amphitheatre;everyone go it'll be fun;student singing, food, jumpee and games!
the spurs may be my favorite team out of the western conference.
here is a classic;reminds me of the show i am going to on monday stranded presents krautrock legend, moebius.
tomorrow don't miss the party at baru (brickell &amp; doral) i'm working in doral see you;don't forget you halloween costume.
great;my panel will take place the 20th around 10;30 am; it is about free tools with deezer and bandpage.
my tarheels beat virginia tech;#tarheelnation now it's time for my 2nd team to beat texas;#mountaineernation.
michael dyer traffic stop under probe  / so thw school may have jump the gun.
the hunger games gets better every time you watch it;  (this is my 5th time) xd.
news&gt; flava - flava will be taking over floor 5 tomorrow night, with some of the best hip hop, afrobeats and rnb t.
i may be an asshole for insulting 1d fans but you guys crossed the line by saying mitch deserved to die; stereotypical 1d fans; -_-.
watching les mis 25th anniversary concert; how long before the boy jonas gives me rage, knowing michael ball was backstage?
new anime from shinchiro watanabe (cowboy bebop) with music by yoko kanno (also cowboy bebop) airing this april.
still playing with the spurs on 2k 41 wit many ginobili in the 3rd.
suicideblonde: selena gomez at the tiff press conference for spring breakers, september 7th.
mario williams: i didn't want to enter free agency in the 1st place, but it was a one-way door given to me by the gm to leave houston.
hungry russians may buy more us food with wto forcing tariff rollback;  details at:   no longer poking fingers at us.
yg's newest darling lee hi will make a debut on inkigayo this nov 4;show love vips!
it is happening in tsumeb this week till saturday when gazza will be the main man.
also, did you know march 14 is pi day;get it 3/14 &amp; 3;14?
happy 13th bday to my nephew sean parker ii; auntie loves you grandpa.
i'm going to claytons tomorrow morning but i'm too tired to think about what i'm gonna wear; looks like another ugly day with him; oh well.
big time movie is on at 3(est) tomorrow;make sure you watch the greatest movie ever :].
don't worry i'm sure you passed it;any more exams this week;i'm good, got a job in hmv today so starting monday week :-).
london's sweeney tood with michael ball and imelda staunton, will close sept 22; broadway transfer rumored.
try your third year in a place equilavilent to leeds festival toilets on the sunday.
tomorrow, elsa will launch the 11th edition of the world wide elsa moot court competition on wto law;    stay tuned for more information!
photo: pagara's back with a vengeance; knocks out montoya in 6th round, takes wbo title.
going to peru again on the 20th :).
this match marked the 13th year of undertaker's wwe career; #survivorseries2003.
monday madness is still going strong throughout miami;come by pinecrest, coral gables, doral or miami beach.
one direction will host the big time movie on monday :).
merseyside derby;hope the result will be great after this long and hard sunday; #lfc #ynwa.
to all of you watching kina grannis tomorrow, its still a go; stay safe everyone!
crawfish tomorrow, nothing like having it in the comfort of your own home;:).
you don't think a 27 win byu would get a 7 seed and maybe win a game;or you don't think byu will win 27ish by selection sunday?
zanjeer 1st schedule completed &amp; ramcharan is happy with the output.
4th of july mayhem , the bikini tops edition going down july 4th @ club crucial ;#breadhead bouta turn it upp !
1st tour i was on,my brother was working carrying the bags;he'd stand on the side of the stage &amp; shout out "i hate you; lol; miss u miyagi!
i'm coming back to to dayton november 15th for half the day; pretty excited to see everyone again.
last night we were named nz's 27th fastest growing co; in the deloitte fast 50; our 2nd year making the list and we are totally thrilled!
colan, robinson, simon, moldoff, and now moebius, their passing just means their stuff is more "collectible;" think about that, won't you?
daylight savings time is upon us again; sunday the clocks will "fall back" an hour.
read all about  defending his wbo title at the staples center in la on november 10:  #boxing.
lol bastich;  i have my sanchez jersey on, i'm about to go miyagi sun and  save our quarterback; #jets.
this is really going to hurt virginia tech on selection sunday.
the mention of hollywood dailies may have been yesterday; if so, look out for reruns on reelz in the us.
july 31, 2012 $2280;00 was paid out for jose g to have the exhaust manifold replaced in his 2005 nissan titan.
team rider vitor borger gets a slay sunday over on the msa site;share it;"love yo feet".
gawd, uan on nickelodeon tomorrow; -______-" remind me to not get home before 6; i hate watching the boys on nick, it just gets to me; &gt;:(.
it's super;but saving pennies starts now; last afternoon so we're cramming in sun by the rooftop pool.
peru wants 1d world tour let's go trending trending trending till we see the sun.
mon kemoner station now available on itunes for all shreya ghoshal bengali fans - just go and get it.
what a great day(speaking of sunday); had an amazing youth service at upper room milele(forever) ministry!
right;that man is a u;s; senator who sounds likes the most annoying kid in 8th grade home room.
listening to sean parker's hipster international mix on spotify; i think this fact may make me a terrible person.
going to the ucla football game this saturday with my boo ; &lt;3  ^;^.
the one who take a role 2nd lead on fashion king.
#breakingdawnpart2 the saga may end but the love and friendships will last 4ever #loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits.
xyriel manabat teaches kids the value of proper nutrition in "wansapanataym" (september 1).
we've landed on the world famous calle ocho;our new offices are located on 16th avenue sw 8th street at the.
#sfn12's dialogues lecture with artist chuck close is saturday: "my life as a rolling neurological clinic;".
q2 8:40; philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the kansas city 29 for 4 yards; 4th &amp; 1.
levi and elle playing lego while i'm just sat drinkig tea mwhahaha.
at the risk of sounding redundant: comedy;poetry;thunderbolt;wednesday 26th;free;#bristol #comedy #poetry #hashtag.
i cancelled with amazon as they weren't going to post until the 29th; went with book depository instead, still waiting.
if i wasn't going to owain's tomorrow , i would probably spend the whole night crying to myself $: .
girl scouts selling cookies outside of the liquor store on a friday night;#smartkids.
happy friday morning to my buddy  over in korea; since you're ahead of us, can you tell me if the tops won last night?
say hello tomorrow from your high status line up and i shall hail to the vips.
great show of  last night; michael ball &amp; imelda staunton an awesome pair on stage;go see it, it closes on saturday!
avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress: pop star avril lavi.
good luck to  tomorrow at the mac championship;do your thing buddy;#gobobcats #macbaseball.
tomorrow i'm going to be one of the runaways;;#battleborn #thekillers.
when will your 2013 dates at the mgm grand will be released;i wanna meet you for my 30th birthday on march 10th;#bucketlist.
wait but e news just said its on sunday .
deron had a cortisone shot on friday and said he is already feeling better; after sitting out today, he said he will practice on sunday.
i just took airtime, the new video chat service from start-up stars shawn fanning and sean parker, for a spin on tuesday, its first .
1st preview of the new hu w/    &amp; wayne knight;premieres tonight 12:30am pt on reelz!
one for your diary; we have reindeer's coming to the garden centre on saturday the 8th of december.
cena and dolph will make 0 sense bc ziggler will end up losing, like usual; then he may cash in who cares about tht if he loses 2 cena?
we have that appointment w/ the curator of the dallas holocaust museum tomorrow &amp; kev just told me that it's next to the book depository.
november 9th, marked it down; golden st; comes to l;a;, we'll see then; ;).
shit is about to get real tomorrow night at umbc!
the best and the worst;: the best day of willard mitt romney's life will be thursday when after 7 years of cam.
better show up tomorrow against the spurs.
thank you and improud of you to gettin that ogt done;;and im gone come in december;;we still  making that trip to church.
carolus linnaeus, the 1st to establish a precise biological system for naming organisms by genera and species, is born on 5/23/1707.
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume, april 23 - fyxnews.
i'm going to calle ocho tomorrow; i'll air mail you some!
july 16, 8pm est, big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials :d.
the boys started rehearsing;reminds me of alive ina 2nd day's fantastic baby rehearsal :( vips went crazy outside, sang along together.
i don't expect any changes on the banking and telecom sectors in near future;may be after completion of wto talks.
im ready for saturday to be in chapel hill watching mike glennon and company give the tarheels the business #gopack;#wolfblood #ncsuvsunc !
students:  the practice cahsee will happen nov 14 &amp; 15 at bhs for sophomores, you will do a great job;#drillers.
do we have any shreya ghoshal fans here that would like to go to the concert on sunday?
despite recent performances lets make sure 25k albion fans make amex a total noise cauldron on friday # nonstopsinging.
a cape town woman died on the eve of her 21st birthday when she was knocked down on the n2 highway, the cape argus reports today.
nope not quite yet; do u read chinese;if so check on weibo or tudou they may have it w/ chinese subs already.
yeah, we have the option to use the qb as a flex back; i activated weeden &amp; sat reggie wayne for the 1st time.
#dkepo chris rene: live &amp; exclusive; x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow,.
yes on both counts gary;listened to cit on radio h and w; with minute to go i said how wed let in 6 goals in the last minute!
i'm so sad; no inkigayo tomorrow; that means we don't get to see iu in her halloween costume on tv; hope she tweets a selca; witch iu?
lots of excitement for dana and nabeel who will be married this saturday at the beautiful chesapeake bay beach club.
last night when i told my dad he'd be hearing about the premiere tomorrow if he watched e news ; ~certainly didn't imagine like this :(.
remember-"designs on doral: from the blue monster to the design district" - tomorrow, november 2nd; register now!
everyone make sure to make an appearance at the msa meeting tomorrow in mr; summers ' (also known as jj or j sums) room after school!
"if i should die tomorrow, i will have no regrets; i did what i wanted to do, you can't expect much more from life" -bruce lee.
bobbi kristina just favorited my tweet retweeted me and tweeted me all in the same day; she helped me to say hello 2 september.
general dynamics interview invitational event friday, 10/26/12 at the sheraton hotel bwi airport at genera;  #jobs.
candids: heading to the chateau marmont in west hollywood (october 10th).
the massacre on march 11 in karm al-zaitoun was similar: 25 children killed with knives, 20 women:.
eu presses boeing subsidies case at wto; the eu called thursday on the world trade organization to formally take up.
see u sunday at calle orange afterparty  with.
that's because fratton may as well be the gaza strip.
sylvia on saturday if i go can you give me a rideee ?
i've narrowed it down to sophos and chrome crapping out on chrome;etprinterinfo+0xcfc; detours may make this very difficult to figure out.
mtv : who of 1d will be the 1st to get married;liam and leona;niall and demi;zayn and perrie;or louis and harry;diall.
overturn 28/1 worth an each way bet tomorrow in the champion hurdle #nodoubt.
very; now i have the rest of today and tomorrow off; i'm about to visit the book depository for lila.
giving the tickets away to see nero at the hammerstein ballroom next saturday in 20 minutes;:).
speaking of ib are you going to rackley's/straton's study thing at umbc tomorrow.
one day week for this guy; killers tonight, golf with cameron tomorrow #lovely.
so close manningham ;4th down andy lee out to punt to the jets; and the jets offense will start at the 1 yard-line with 7:36 to go #49ers.
a great day for sport #orlandocruz ranked 4th in wbo has come out; we need more openly gay role models in the world of sport; a true fighter.
#headiesall of you famzing live at the #headies and dnt knw where eko hotel n suite dey;may ur twitter connection be bad;#godpunishu.
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume for thursday: converted organics inc; (pink:coin) traded as hig.
iatse picketing of 'fashion star' set to resume monday - deadline: with no talks started, the union and the crew.
holy shit no class til monday i love you iona.
i added a video to a  playlist  jim rogers and glenn beck - what to expect in the near future (june 9,.
saw the  #firesuit commercial during the break, couldn't stop laughing; saw it 1st at the farmers display at lvms.
how was the series, sac 2nd gig;love music, coz its yoko kanno;cowboy bebop music creater!
carnival tomorrow :) , who going ;#rt.
thank god;there's a field trip tomorrow; going to the smith center &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt.
" have u gotten ur tickets to see  at the mgm grand on thur, 11/1;if not, go here to get.
most anticipated mixtape of the year  the juug man;club crucial aug 2nd (thur).
great 1st day of early vote in fl, successful event with eva longoria, and giants kick off game 3 with the 1st run of the game; i'll take it.
last day of pssas tomorrow :) #yes #yeahbuddy .
extremely jealous of owain's day off tomorrow, i hate sundays!
i posted 23 photos on facebook in the album "abbey dawn at new york fashion week - backstage (10 sep 2012)".
knaus tells johnson, "good news is we're only 27th" where he started but they were 4th before their problems; jj says going to the front.
fuck the talent show lets go to the basketball tournament on friday at richard bland to support kenston forest.
zac brown may be one of the only few country singers that can make me cry #voiceofanangel.
byu head coach dave rose said after practice that he anticipates a different starting lineup for saturday's exhibition finale v; findlay.
any fancy for tomorrow;quevega at 6/4 with  today - cha ching!
give me a promo in the video;dont forgetrt  the announcement video is coming out tomorrow;you guys will be aware of everything.
only 9 days till i support laidback luke for the 3rd time &amp; also la fuente on the bill @ the arches on the 9th.
oh yea by the way : #wetnwyde4 will be at club crucial 9pm saturday night 2535 e arkansas ln arlington, texas.
it just keeps getting better;duelo is also playing on sat.
flash: senegal are disqualified from the 2013 africa cup of nations after a riot forced saturday's home tie with ivory coast to be abandoned.
#bahrain  #nuwaidrat : the march "our nabeel won't broken" starts in solidarity with the steadfast figures "nabeel.
never have i felt this tired i had more fucking energy on the monday morning if leeds festival for christ sake.
egypt have booked friendlies with russia and ivory coast on february 6th and 9th respectively.
"   did'ya know that it was inpired by moebius's and obannon's long tomorrow?
do you own a nissan titan in bisbee, jim click wants to be your one stop  automotive destination; visit us at.
michael ball is incredible 10th anniversary with him and colm is sick.
i wanna taste the sun: i knew how to rock was going to be canceled from the start; i mean i; -.
tudou owners get world's best deal with youku - businessweek (blog).
you never forget your first love, not surprisec in oedipus's case he saw her every mothering sunday.
i think the sun should consider suing the bnp over this -.
omg i'm going to walgreens today; i may buy my red blanket;&amp; i'll eat papa johns pizza;:d today's gonna be an amazing swift day;&lt;13.
s/o to the club crucial fam;best service in town;open monday -thursday-saturday;2517donald lee hollowell&lt; #str8likedat!
has got dubstep, drum &amp; bass, electro, moomba, and more every thurs at the new  weekly #bass #party.
as of monday the 22nd, we will have 15% off all compatible/ generic hp, panasonic, lanier, and kyocera cartridges at.
adios jim calhoun - the coach with the most ncaa tournament wins that didn't coach at unc or duke (4th when you add those schools).
its going down on friday at eko hotel  will be live in lagos; performing at the summer jam fest ;have you gotten ur tickets.
our fun fair cape colour in competition that appeared in the cape argus on saturday!
ben howland lands tony parker; ucla now has the no; 2, 3, and 20th best players in the country; ucla reloaded big time.
community event: come support the center for the art of performance at ucla next friday;in one special evening,.
lets fly like a bird;this friday a new birdhouse edition at the jimmy woo with flava, clay, youri alexander, don perigion and more!
richard bland carded a 2nd round 6-under 66 to surge into a 1-shot lead at the italian open; #ssgolf.
center stage on this 4th album &amp; all the ones following it; i think you speak for all lovatics on this one mah; the day she can.
today was a good day vol 2: the truth set to release in december so make sure you have vol1: the death.
never listened to the 1st; hard to ignore the 2nd working at hmv;but like most things, just got overplayed; agree on the 3rd.
more interested in a possible cena vs ziggler match;more annoyed ziggler didnt even wrestle tonight or on smackdown friday.
almost ready for the #huntsville building home &amp; garden show, few tweeks on friday &amp; away we go.
tomorrow i'm gonna go buy all the seasons of the walking dead!
heather is like the serpent in the garden trying 2 entice info from mcbain;michael easton, dont ever go away that long;watching tues #gh.
what's happening at claytons tomorrow night;out in marlow with the girls and we are deciding where to end up!
david owen: why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made .
oooo, yes;i submitted umd on sat;, umbc on sun;, before the storm;2 down, 4 more to go :d.
can you rip it 2 auditions tomorrow, msa fair, baa party, cross the movie #weekend.
my baby graduates from allderdice tomorrow;get it boo;#teamproud.
i work on wednesday, if you come into dons with a batman costume on ill let you take as many mints as you can hold in your hands.
back in thunderbolt with  at wilmington river before sitting down for sunday supper with the parents.
i mean of course like millions of lovatics will vote for jillian; she may not know it but she's basically sucking up.
i ordered calendar from book depository and it arrived safely; so, this is my 2nd time and i can say book depo is looking good!
i'm really sad i'm not going to able to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the montreal canadiens for the 4th year in a row; #nhllockout.
4th &amp; 5th graders-join michael ball for acolyte training, following the 10:50am service on sunday.
knaus, johnson win appeal; no suspension coming, points restored: sports 3 hours, 1 minute ago from the moment n.
i'm going to teengirl fantasy at le botanique in bruxelles - brussel, belgium - oct 18.
jimmy cliff - 06 - under the sun, moon and stars;mp3 mp3 download; music database, songs, video, file  #music #song.
remember exit polls where democrats who vote may not vote democrat- this happened reagan vs carter; reagan got 25% of the democratic vote!
you are out of luck if you want to go to the bnp paribas open on saturday as tickets are not available; same for sunday day session #bnppo12.
lvms prepares for nascar weekend, busy schedule of racing: by mark anderson nascar weekend will garner just abou.
golf lessons will be available with gary at bearsden golf range from next thursday,5pm onwards; call the shop to book your lesson.
no ;i'm looking so bummy tomorrow ;i have to take the cahsee.
i found this 'kl live - 30 november -0001' in the greyson app.
i can't wait for  i am going to the bank tuesday to start a fashion star savings account so i can be ready.
tarheels preseason picked to finish 3rd behind nc state; bind this spirit;btw the original carolina is north carolina!
bnp opposes companies act change: the bnp on tuesday asked the government to drop the move to change companies a.
watched a movie yesterday #the70's on #ovtv and was pleasantly surprised to see michael easton (john, #oltl) in it.
happy birthday to  its already nov 2nd over here in korea;see you soon (:.
sunday funday with the girls at toads; cold drink in my hand and zac brown band playing #goodday.
july 14th, at kl live; jom jom pergi fatboy slim; so far just me n sophia.
is there a screening tomorrow for the capitol one fixture?
my new theory; petraeus told romney no to benghazi at the debate cuz he was planning to blow it up later; can u say #october suprise?
watching wansapanataym with nephew, so grade schoool kids touch screen na rin mga cellphone;noong elem ako cool na yun may mga beeper haha.
"mikel's dance academy is the best;i'm here every wednesday from 4-5 for my;" @ ymca centennial hills:  #foursquare.
rt/rationalsupport2012doors next generation beta 3 - we pleased to announce availability of the 3rd installment for doors next genera.
half off apps doesn't quite measure up to b12 and calle mon, but it'll do.
serious it 2nd while naruto still first of course !
was totally looking forward to movies tomorrow :( oh well i'll just have a naruto marathon at home by myself or something haha.
yes ofcourse #bo wise pawan and ramcharan  will be in 2nd,3rd positions with chiru fans support.
supporters bus to derry: st patrick's athletic travel to the brandywell on friday for their last away match of t.
can't get enough of  after the first #phillipifest conference;catch him &amp; jim rogers live 1 sep live.
np-let's go  harris fr  all watched some  live performers in eko hotel last friday; alway feed with energy; ooohhhh.
bring it on willard mitt romney;let me hear those zingers; happy 20th wedding anniversary to president barack.
rocking in cleveland  "what i do have is a photo of the jaguar joan jett bought w 1 of her 1st checks from the runaways".
guys remember that tomorrow is the last day you can donate to pennies for polio.
smith sacked by jpp on 3rd and 4; loss of 9 and andy lee is out there for the first time.
don't miss shreya ghoshal live in concert in guyana- sunday october 14th at the national stadium #shreya ghoshal.
we're counting down the days; the #orlando home and garden show and boat show begins this friday!
'the announcement' may be the most emotional documentary i have ever seen; magic johnson is a hero and an icon.
took a break to reread moebius and stan lee's silver surfer book; it may be minor moebius but i love it since it introduced me to his work.
shreya ghoshal will be at the flato markham theatre for a one night engagement oct 9.
hey, just thought i'd remind you it's deezer's birthday tomorrow;also, you have any idea what he looks like?
top 5 pgs rondo, rose , deron, paul, ;don't kno the 5th.
going to  playing main stage sat 13;25 with cat dowling, then deezer stage sat 19;45 with violet roadkills;see you there!
im so glad its friday;off at 2, hedley concert tonight and hockey at nationwide afterwards;gonna be dragging my ass tomorrow for sure.
7th lie: sameera said that nabeel's marches threatened police to use molotov cocktails &amp; iron rods ;she's not ashamed of pure lies #bahrain.
pink diamonds host sabrina 25th birthday bash @ club crucial july 2nd be there to witness a movie in the making or hear about it.
i was just about to say, i know where natertater is going to be tonight;it's paleyfest for castle so i am not that stalkerish.
the specialist, w/sly stallone &amp; sharon stone is on g4; lasting memory: 1st &amp; only movie i feel asleep watching in the theatre; #badmovie.
filming starts on wednesday;and the second project is already in the works (hopefully); exciting times for karm!
reagan will be here early friday morning; which she will share the same birthday as my brother; #toddeugenefreeman #excited #miracle.
people are going to know i was up late watching the walking dead tonight because i'm going to look like a walker tomorrow.
can't hover over link to see file name;tudou doesn't have playlists and this particular person only had the 1st episode anyways.
happy halloween; it is 654 am here in seoul on the 31st; i love and miss you all in the states.
savior takes 2 games in a row to force the 2nd set of grand finals; can he go all the way and take out petraeus;  #sc2.
eddie curry is showing more lift then dwight howard who looks like the 2nd coming of tracy mcgrady right now.
ah, in nz it's labour day (last monday in oct); besides i figured it's a bit warmer in bendigo than melbourne; we shall see.
ucla coach ben howland on other pac-12 teams, "i think cal may have the best pair of guards in the conference;".
going town tomorrow, definitely going to hmv and buying chapman square; :d  &lt;3.
hey, at least since the girl scouts stood us up we can have a productive concert choir day tomorrow; #optimistic.
abbey dawn new york fashion week show 2012 - 10 september 2012 ~ avril's waving at you;&lt;3.
its this week;catch kina grannis live in manila on wednesday, august 8;have you got your tickets yet;:).
play fair ben howland;sean miller may be tough to keep up with cleanly, but lets all be gentlemen here.
i'm going to flux pavilion at city nightclub, edinburgh in edinburgh, united kingdom - aug 24.
we shootin the video next tuesday at club crucial we need you to come dj blakboy.
come meet all the kids today at st; patrick's day parade in downtown cinci;  if you want to walk with us, please.
after halloween i want to skip to dec 1st, then christmas holidays, then easter weekend, then march break, then victoria day, then summer!
#colts reggie wayne should have a big #ppr #fantasyfootball game versus #titans, allowed 3rd most catches with 186.
how mothers day is renowned: online floral mothers day, also known as mothering sunday is notable on the fourth .
per  the capitol and capitol visitor center will be closed tomorrow; tours, suspended:.
we don't even have naruto tomorrow just khr, bleach, and op; the negatives outweigh the positives.
federal reserve sticks with stimulus: the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday, deciding to stick to its plan of st.
our first write-in is saturday, november 3 from 12-2 at coffee to a tea, on the first floor in the same building as mellow mushroom.
based on the  review of the paperboy, i am a little excited that nicole kidman may be hitting into a sharon stone phase.
mere dholna sun- bhool bhulaiyaa- shreya ghoshal  the real class.
remember this coming sunday november 4th daylight savings time ends and you get an extra hour of sleep;:).
u have to always check airline;airasia just ended;next promo i think in december;when u plan to go?
strong revenue growth at tudou, but the company keeps on bleeding heavily -.
chris rene: live &amp; exclusive; x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the sea;  #hollywood #news.
if you haven't gotten your tickets to see comedian ali siddiq @ claytons inbox now;8-10pm this sunday,the 7th.
on oct 27th, pm #noda visited iwate prefecture to gauge extent of the damage from the great east japan earthquake .
rafa will play his third round match at the bnp paribas open at indian wells on tuesday against marcel granollers.
the 23rd caller is going to win the tickets to see nero at the hammerstein ballroom next saturday; call now.
the saga continues october 14th;sucka free sundays now at the pour house; #fkbs live; we're goin back to the basics.
malaysia s airasia x to suspend iran service: malaysia: long-haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it w.
thanks bobby; see you guys in december in the smith center.
ugly, are you taking the cahsee tomorrow?
ty for the follow, owain;we may have some sparring to do over footie; my house is loyal to real madrid; ;-).
in case you haven't heard, orono's brian butterfield is the new #redsox 3rd base coach; talks about the hire on  at 6!
the spurs don't appear to be missing manu ginobili right now but they may get him back in the lineup on saturday.
obituary: ramcharan nirmalkar: &lt;ramcharan nirmalkar, 1926(;- 16 may 2012&gt; ramcharan was one of  the pillars of .
andy murray crashes out andy murray suffered a surprise early exit from the bnp paribas open in indian wells.
kellen cox 3rd down pass is picked off; 1st down bearcats at the lion 49.
examines the 4th disaster to afflict tohoku - a deep demographic crisis that has afflicted it for decades:.
watching honey boo boo and mama june on e news is making my recovery process just a little more enjoyable.
book off november 6th;the pssa is going be having its first event in years for the american election; details to come;#uofr #urpsci.
lindsay lohan may say the producers of "liz and dick" promised to pay her enormous bill at the chateau marmont hotel.
these pssa's are just gonna be the icing to another horrible monday; #fmlll #ihateschool.
hello everyone;just a note that the attire for tomorrow's project relief: aiding east africa, presented by msa.
chris rene: live &amp; exclusive; x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the s;  #celebrity #gossip.
step 1: put media-loving petraeus in a job where he can't talk (much); step 2: absolutely crush him in 1st available controversy; slick.
did u know that the official celebration of pi day (mar 14 or 3/14) starts at 1:59 to represent 3;14159?
a happy awesome 22nd birthday to you from all the rushers in malaysia;have a blast;&lt;3 malaysian rushers.
register today for spur sj's june 27 forum with the new yorker's david owen ( sign-up here:.
excited for the mac championship tomorrow; i feel like i'm playing in the game; eu, lets get it done.
localiez magazine sep/oct issue featuring the bachelor's jessie sulidis is up and ready to be read;have a puruse.
guess im a bit father back for classics "inn of the 6th happiness", "pennies from heaven", "to sir with love" :).
just laying here listening to ragnarok online music in the sun; yoko kanno makes great songs.
kyocera launches speakerless phone, uses vibrations to transmit sound to the ear (computerworld): share with fri.
#sexy #top #news eva longoria to appear with obama thursday  #mustfollow qoo.
july 23 is directioners day right;i'm trying to prove to my little sister there's a day for that.
q2 13:00; philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the new orleans 42 for 11 yards; 1st &amp; 10.
everyone pls come check out necie's carnival tomorrow;we sell all the food you buy at a carnival funnel cakes, hot dogs, nachos &amp; more.
news on japan: japan's post-disaster growth strategy: the great east japan earthquake on 11 march 2011 was the b.
federal reserve sticks with stimulus: the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday, deciding to st.
omg; dude tomorrow, you and 1d will be breathing the same air; get a jar and get as much of the air as possible.
i can't wait till december and see the swifties, smilers and lovatics referencing those december songs ;d lol.
omg same i was reading it in school after pssas and i just sat there crying.
yet another pb today in race out by cit; this time at 10 km distance; finished in 51;27; finished with races now until half marathon in dec.
i get it now he told   tomorrow so she wouldn't come; dang nobody likes calle.
going to bed early tonight;pssas tomorrow, then the walk, then track and later basketball; #needssleep #goingtobealongday.
good luck to cody reichard &amp; scott darling;1st day of training camp for the montreal canadiens' ahl affiliate-hamilton bulldogs; god speed!
dj mix n match spinning live to air with z103;5 this wednesday october 31st at city nightclub!
kyocera solar power generating systems help the maldive ;: kyoto, japan, jun 13, 2012 (business wire) -- kyoce.
master gardeners are at the fall home &amp; garden show through sunday at the expo center;come see us!
i think we may have just found out the reason he plays carrick at centre half when we have no one else #lackofexperienceshows.
the saga may end but the love &amp; friendships will last 4ever #loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits.
chris rene can win one more time before he has to retire with rockin' with you;  monday he goes up against hunter.
ed joyce talks of his immense pride at becoming sussex ccc captain in tomorrow's argus and of being a team with vice-captain chris nash.
get your growler from  and fill it up with pennies by june 22; #yyc #charity.
reworking tomorrow's schedule around going to the car wash so the fancies at the chateau marmont won't judge our filthiness #bumblebrag?
mom asked me do we wanna go swimming or to the carnival tomorrow ,.
tarheels finally scoe n the 2nd half 52-0.
if ur going 2 #sdcc, get 1st look at michael easton's new graphic novel "credence," booth no; 4401; exciting news!
special thanks to everyone that came out to see us at the clear lake home and garden show last saturday for the.
#breakingdawnpart2 the saga may end but the love and friendships will last 4ever #loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits.
cold front in the metroplex;happy friday;:).
one fighting championship takes place october 6 at the singapore indoor stadium, this is gonna be an incredible.
leaders of our vietnam veterans leadership program in the reagan administration will gather in d; c; saturday; looking forward to seeing all.
june 23rd ladies free till 11;thas all you need to know;don't miss this one;heat wave vol1 will be previ.
rick majerus coached ball state 2 years, '88-89 team went 29-3 beat pitt for the school's 1st ncaa tournament win.
jesus;il keep a look out; got a job interview with hmv tomorrow.
female dinner hostess needed, 12 nov (3-11pm), marina @ keppel bay, $150; taking care of vips; pm/text me if you're interested;:).
and the biggest surprise of the tuesday decs is as many as 19 taking on quevega in the mares hurdle!
yeah alls good, im back in college, just finishing off my degree in cit, so ill be all done in may;, then job time :).
in peru a single bush may contain more ant species than in the british isles; #fact.
gazza, ramirez, cork back and we'll do well; then add some defenders in january and we'll climb up the league.
sitting down with u;s; senator debbie stabenow on tuesday for a chat about washington, the election, debt ceiling, and more; stay tuned.
it may not be a onesie but it's super soft, has a hood and the best thing about it is it's from imelda staunton;so.
with much hope and trepidation, i am looking forward to the 1st battle for l;a; game between lakers and clipps.
5th ward bout to run nitemoves tonight.
oh it's a monday night, guess i'll go listen to a u;s; senator #senat  @ yale university - davenport college.
carnival tomorrow;wanted to rest but i don't think i could resist the temptation !
october day 1 was good :-)  goodnight taking the cahsee tomorrow ; hope i pass :).
not bad; i think cena will wear the green merch for 2 weeks after tomorrow; we will get new swag at survivor series.
anyone else noticed the uncanny resemblance between tgun and petraeus;tgun's dad may have a confession to make.
pumped about #realscience returning monday on cbs11 news at 4p; did you know the largest net-zero school in the u;s; is here in metroplex?
federal reserve stands firm on bond-buying program: the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is standing fi.
nitemoves foam party6 going down;next saturday!
idk how im gone make it to total sports tomorrow for selection sunday.
what a shame about punchestown; unlikely to race at all tomorrow; i had 2 out as well in quevega and lietenant (2 miler.
michael dyer fucked his career up so bad; could've easily been a 1st round pick; now he's at arkansas baptist college &amp; isn't even playing.
safe travels to my bearcats as they travel to topeka for their game with washburn tomorrow.
so excited tomorrow 1d's little things music video will be down it's like 1 day to go.
haha we're off round claytons now then the rising sun later!
sign of the times;bbc news - encyclopaedia britannica ends its famous print edition.
the  dance academy is back and bigger and better than ever before;sign up for the classes next wednesday.
best day and weekend trips from seoul, by season: by elizabeth eunthere's just so much to see in seoul, it may t.
this may be a bit technical but hedley if you tell me to shut my mouth, exactly how're you gunna kiss me inside out;i'm confused so gnight.
cant wait for the ucla midnight madness tomorrow night.
allyn's crawfish boil tomorrow;  i'll be there sometime between 5 and 6;  come in and have a beer with me and eat some mudbugs!
i bought an ecig through the sun paper yet not allowed to use it while watching football at newcastle utd.
hey all; now that selection sunday has come and gone, the top 32 picks are seeded and ready for you to check out.
mcilroy the agenda for topical debate: golf:rory mcilroy may be on a week off, but he remains in the news and at.
"everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow" for rushers, it's big time rush :).
duke energy ceo to speak in raleigh thursday: jim rogers, the newly installed chief executive of duke energy pro.
thursday fun for just a few pennies on april 12 with reflex rex, alice d & more + smoking toddlers & wednesday the rat!
unfortunately, not yet; wanted to go to revenge at paleyfest in march, but couldn't make it; :(.
the next #marcorubio;ted cruz, a #teaparty latino candidate, is trying to become the next u;s; senator from #texas.
all the kids who talk shit about northglenn caue they graduated are the same ones going to the game tomorrow.
yet another reason to come to the june 2 noche argentina milonga at calle ocho:  we will have a fabulous.
vincent jackson limited in monday practice estimates, fantasy value just fine for thursday.
1st day of practice brings a prediction: this is the year; northwestern finally breaks through and makes the ncaa tournament.
grandmom's pennies will be on vacation july 25 to july 30; monday wil be the last day to purchase from #etsy until my return next tuesday.
it's make-it-happen monday;it 'er done; "to h*ll with circumstances; i create my own opportunities;"-bruce lee, actor &amp; martial arts legend.
it's sophomores only ;for the cashee test or however it's spelt .
selection monday;right up there with selection sunday; #ncaabaseball.
swift day is alway's the best day, i usually gain alot of followers on the 13th.
natural gas: a bridge to the clean energy economy | mark udall | u;s; senator for colorado  via  mark;c'mon.
posterous is super easy for uploading vid, esp from mobile device; plus got bought by twitter so integration may be on the way.
in tears after watching that dance academy episode for the 2nd time.
could be similar to drose as the 8 seed his 2nd year in; don't know if the cavs can make a jump like the bulls to 1, but still.
hi there vinny, i heard u'l be in "wansapanataym" this coming sat; and i am sooo excited to see you on t;v;, i love you vinny&lt;3.
universal credit may leave people worse off, uop research undertaken with centre for social &amp; economic inclusion shows:.
golf tomorrow morning test out the back looks like it will be sunny but cold.
china - tracy mcgrady may sign at qingdao eagles: qingdao double star eagles is about to tab 33-year old usa ex-.
"shreya ghoshal" i read this name for the 1st time on my mp3 player; 4;5 years back,and then evry day;and now maybe evry min.
i may be considering wearing my polka dot #48 shorts with the knaus tee shirt in an attempt to stay cool today; #lowes48.
#michiganbasketball #1 overall seed in nit season tip-off &amp; will host the north regional at crisler center beginning november 12th vs; iupui.
spartan wod for thursday, 9;27;12  "the less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be;"  -bruce lee.
told my little cousin who loves #thewalkingdead tv show id send her the comics for xmas; shes in 7th grade;  figured vol1 isnt too intense.
as i will be drinking excessively tonight, i may call one of you to discuss raoul moat &amp; gazza.
coming up in your weekend argus tomorrow: more on the #uct #daso election debacle.
am going 2 b on lock dn from now till fri morning in the studio;  vol1 drops on the 8th 3pm; i'll b @ club10 on fri thou.
calle stupid but i really don't feel like going tomorrow :c.
here's your chance to meet jim rogers and milk bellafiore this coming saturday;i have got the platinum vvip.
i have a 150 minute flight tomorrow morning; #fuck #sleeping #tonight; i'm going to sleep on the plane, and listen to yoko kanno.
"to the 20 years old chunji;happy birthday, stay healthy and may everything goes as you wish;" oh yeah you wish everything goes your way xd.
my party on;the 2nd at club crucial ima b bouncing around singing iam freebarz i am freebarz;like i really am apart of the movement lol.
i like the way my 69 year old dad stumbles across random film stars shooting #theworldsend in wgc while getting saturday paper.
merseyside derby proper goal fest so far;hope for more in the 2nd half;#supersunday.
lets bounce to wrestlemania 29th in nyc;  undertaker is truly the last one left of the 90s era; the rock gon compete too.
thats it, i'm calling you out; we're gonna fight; be at calle 116 at 9:55 pm on friday, if you don't show then i win by default.
wondering if this is the 2nd time michelle is proud of america when dayton shouted "hail obama".
flava;you may have heard about flava flav but here's the story in the link below!
wish me lucky on the cahsee tomorrow i'm pretty nervous.
the 7th edition of the headies takes place at eko hotel &amp; suites this saturday;are you ready?
bearcats call first timeout of 2nd half; 3rd and 7 coming from pitt 9; gorillas lead 14-7 with 2:22 left in 3q.
sir, there are enemies in the white house;something needs to be done today not november 6th;clinton,obama,panetta,petraeus,lamb,lew,donilon.
unfortunately, owain is still feeling a bit under the weather, so tomorrow night's show has been cancelled;  we.
rob zombie with marylin manson tomorrow at the hammerstein ballroom; i'll be there.
shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday, to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake.
check out my email campaign 'free wifi, christmas menu &amp; sunday night with andy lee ' at.
i may or may not have asked hugh dancy if he has an hmv rewards card.
#google #hot #news eva longoria to appear with obama thursday  #teamfollowback yanews.
just finish doing it and tomorrow i'm going to the celtics game and don't fucking say "thanks for the invite" it's annoying.
it's not ben howland's fault that reeves nelson has self control issues, and there's no way he gets fired with the recruits he has coming in.
hey, june;his world tour will be at singapore indoor stadium on 10 november;haha, interested to go for it as well?
trying to decide what to take to the fashion star auditons tomorrow.
*good "god luck to everybody taking the math ogt tomorrow; stay focused its actually easy;".
i'll be turning 25 tomorrow; all i want is crawfish, coffee &amp; community; amen.
japan's post-disaster growth strategy: the great east japan earthquake on 11 march 2011 was the biggest earthqua.
world gold council releases conflict-free standard: the world gold council (wgc) published thursday the anticipa.
attending a very informative talk covering the japan earthquake of 11 march 2011 and the lessons learned from that.
dodridge induces a 6-3 ground out for the first out of the 8th; chippewas 5 outs away from mac championship game.
deron: surgery may be net result: encouraged by the results of a cortisone shot, deron williams believes he will.
jared gaither, shareece wright full for the 2nd straight day; eddie royal (hamstring) and jonas mouton limited; #practiceupdate #chargers.
the view from the 24th floor @ mgm grand at foxwoods.
#happybirthdaysrk tomorrow will be nov 2nd in peru and we will all celebrate it;:) hb my king, love you te amo.
oomf just made wish i had a half rite about now;#1st&amp;3rd.
1st down bearcats; thank you louisville.
join us next wed 1 aug 4 the a-z cake day;we r raising money 4 moebius syndrome; make a cake/s using a letter from the alphabet;11am-2pm.
eu welcomes laos entry to wto: on 26 october, the european commission backed world trade organisation (wto) deci.
last day yahoo but i have already jotted 50ish to do items ; off to bulgaria tomorrow morning.
out;monday night dinner with nit in a few; 18th :).
i'm actually excited about starting my new semester tomorrow; 2 more years; one step closer to my bachelor's degree.
cena &amp; aj sitting in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g 1st goes aj's  job then john's cred then goes vicki with the gm position.
big congrats to  4winning the main event; very classy move stoping his friends from celebrations to shake the hand of sylvia 1st.
congratulations on the 1st anniversary of msbwy from me and all the fco in peru.
its the 13th; happy swift day;:).
if spurs beat chelsea on saturday, it will set a new club premier league record of 17 points amassed after the first 8 matches of the season.
yeah buddy (  voice ) can't wait to vote tomorrow &amp; go to the awards &amp; meet the cast of my super psycho sweet 16!
july 16, 8pm est, big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials (via.
jennifer aniston at the cfda/vogue fashion fund event at chateau marmont in l;a; on october 25.
listening in orlando;headed to see zac brown tomorrow;  love the station.
check out michael ball in concert with cork youth orchestra in dec.
abbey dawn new york fashion week show 2012 - 10 september 2012 ~ with  :).
when i read about possible severe thunderstorms, i see imelda staunton as umbridge saying, "these thunderstorms may be *giggle* severe;".
duke energy ceo jim rogers addressed the democratic national convention thursday afternoon.
intimate showcase with chris rene - november 7 in auckland; can't buy tickets to this; click the link to enter.
fire damages buddhist temple at skorea's mt naejang: seoul, oct 31 (kyodo) a fire destroyed the main building of.
i got job interview with deloitte for this friday.
sbs k-pop super concert on nov 10th in the united states, with snsd, 2ne1, t-ara, beast, cnblue, kara, sistar cr tiarafact.
marth cashee retake tomorrow and i havent studied; still busy with this book report; fml.
the toll affected by the great east japan earthquake tsunami 3;11 2011:death-15,871 missing-2,778 amounts-18,649 as of 10 oct;(cont).
#hard #dayofthedead weekend just got a bit weirder; chateau marmont on sunday;what.
bias is prevalent at all levels; you don't want 2 find yourself on the bubble on selection sunday #ncaa.
eastern men's lax hosting the mac championship on saturday be there.
i know it's in january, but i can't wait for winter jam !
texans meet back up with mario williams this sunday.
#celebrate your new arrival with a naming ceremony; meet  at mum n baby fair colne valley garden centre huddersf'd sun 28 10;30.
turns out yoko kanno is the perfect soundtrack to a rainy saturday morning.
watch the sneak peek clip for tomorrow's all-new "how to rock a high school sensation.
join us tonight at boston pizza - centre on barton for thursday night football;tonight the chiefs take on the.
one of the classic rivalries from the epl era is renewed on sunday when manchester utd and newcastle utd meet at st james park;#mufc #glory.
last day for supplementary nominations to swedish gn and champion hurdle, monday june 4th at 12 noon (11;00 gmt) e-mail sport.
dear vips, we will be selling the cheering goods for big bang alive tour at singapore indoor stadium for the whole day tomorrow.
don't forget to rsvp for toronto's biggest hip hop jam on sept 8th; we're going live at city nightclub with.
entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun, 10 mar 2013;12th time, going for that elusive 3h30 with.
chunji ahhh~ may you take more adorable selca please;:&lt.
"nhk said that this is the 7th rape incident after world war ii, but this is the 127th"  ( #iwakamiyasumi4 live at.
reagan nominated sandra day o'connor to the supreme court &amp; she became the 1st female justice.
"bing one-ups knowledge graph, hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results"  it may have retired from the cut-.
fyi:if you haven't gotten your tickets to see comedian ali siddiq @ claytons inbox now;aluting nocturnal on 4 years; 8-10pm this sunday,.
if i may be so bold, the state of the current wwe product can be reflected in the health of undertaker's physical being.
still struggling with what's that noise; if gazza doesn't get a winner this time, there will be a new clue with pete after 8am tomorrow.
story: the houstons premieres tonight; bobbi kristina, who may or may not have gotten engaged to her brother; &lt;- cats outta the bag #engaged.
reminder: daylight savings time ends on saturday night / sunday morning; set you clocks back an hour and enjoy an.
#teamfollowback la liga: betis march on, malaga held to draw: real betis moved up to fourth in the table after s.
be inspired by a stunning fashion parade from cit fashion students at the belconnen arts centre melbourne cup lunch, it's on 6 november.
grandparents day at providence is tomorrow;check out the hand-made doilies our girl scouts made:.
edith bowman, cherie blair, barbara windsor watch as  struts her stuff at the breast cancer care fashion show  on oct 3.
yeah i was told 7-10 days, but then  found article stating it could be by friday in shaker; this sucks.
get ready for information on winter jam tomorrow with shine 105;9.
the party is at sky boxx every saturday night with ralow smith and mike d.
is it coincidence that the jets wear green; celebrate halfway to st patrick's day this sunday with nfl football.
maybe i may design of the akita person's site in late fall; even if a planned stage, i'm glad related to tohoku in japan a little; #ichigono.
wow the world may cave in on itself;piper and mike d of  in the same picture #heroes.
starting work on fashion star tomorrow;my couch is really going to miss me; i got myself a treat to celebrate:.
yes, i can set one up on posterous tomorrow if you like?
yikes;daylight savings is sunday, november 2nd -this weekend;help your kids adjust to the time change with.
i hope allderdice sends us home early tomorrow because of the water problem.
so taker/hbk had the 2nd to least amount of blood;that shocks me cause hbk was in  pool of his own blood at the end.
emily murray's   "what cherie blair doesn't understand about yummy mummies".
td bank we welcome you into #littlehavana but please do not raze the 1930s bldg on the corner of sw 12th &amp; calle ocho; keep the facade.
sunday, 9/23, we introduced lucy kaplansky's latest, reunion; here's "mother's day" from the new record.
obama in new jersey today says he is there for them; however tomorrow, he must head to vegas again to campaign with eva longoria;sorry!
i really want to hang out with oomf tomorrow.
14-13 shaker over brush in the 3rd.
fellas were giving out mormon bibles in cit on monday, nobody took one; same on tuesday; today they tried to lure us in with sweets.
the reason why i'm telling you hmv is kasi may special editions yan and shit :&gt.
she sat there this morning when levi picked up her shirt and then lifted her paw to show she wanted to wear it today lol.
roll on thursday when i can get back to the gym;6 weeks of doing nothing but drink and eat crap since leeds festival is taking its toll #fat.
how did marco rubio, eva longoria and marc anthony bring star power to the election;nbc latino breaks it down #latism.
getting an iphone 5 tomorrow and going to the zac brown concert; can i look forward to any more;#excited.
today's the 13th; you know what that means;it's swift day;:d happy swift day lovelies!
shreya ghoshal will be at the flato markham theatre for a one night engagement oct 9;  here is her picture.
hey, the 2nd worst baseball movie is on reelz right now; #stomachbleeding.
sharon stone gets 'persuasive' at amfar gala: saturday night's event at the permanente museum drew a mix of film.
it doesn't matter that iona doesn't have school tomorrow because 1; i hate school 2; we don't have snow days.
mgm grand sets  tackles tomorrow at over/under 1;5; i'm taking the over; special teams monster #hitstick.
it is nit a joke; be there; promo video filming tomorrow at disclosed location ; double tap if u want.
the 29th and 30th of december;when i'm in korea i'll find out which hotels i'm staying at and let you know!
claytons practice chat sessions 7pm fri &amp; sat this weekend in  forums new chat room; very relaxed; join us;(if you're a claytoneer).
oomf is gonna get punched in the throat tomorrow -;-.
have you gotten yr tickets to see  @ mgm grand on thurs, 11/1;if not, go here to get.
nov 19 now also in germany for "unapologetic"; that's so rude; but i bet we'll still get the mp3 download on nov 16.
thanks;drop an email to info regarding bookings; see you got teengirl fantasy tonight - amazing band!
the announcement was so good last night, even my non-basketball liking flatmates sat through the whole thing.
unnie, i'll be in seoul on 7 nov; can you arrange your fan meeting on that day;please~~ i wanna meet you so much.
nba star arenas may also shift to cba just like tracy mcgrady #spm2122.
reagan gone need me tomorrow , she gone want some if my candy , but ima tell her noo.
2nd halloween with  - people of the capitol; i love that corseted, blue haired woman.
if you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today; -bruce lee.
federal reserve sticks with stimulus - the federal reserve made no major changes to its policy wednesday, deciding t.
chris rene: live &amp; exclusive;   x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomor.
congratulations to 4th ranked wbo featherweight orlando cruz; 1st active boxer to come out of the closet; #courage.
going to watch fashion king after 1 litre of tears and the sun that embraced the moon i think.
pssa patron &amp; doctors star ian kelsey will give a tv workshop @ the studio on sat 24 nov; 10 places open to non-members.
q1 6:40; josh freeman pass to vincent jackson to the minnesota 22 for 26 yards; 1st &amp; 10.
and if ur amywhere near kansas state and dont come watch us play in the preseason nit on nov; 12th im gonna fight u for that too.
staying up with my baby levi tonight even though i have school tomorrow; lol yolo.
happy monday slackers;don't forget tonight is steamers night here at slackers; 1 doz;$4;99  2 doz;$8;99 with.
how's teengirl fantasy;i may get in the car and drive to  to stuff my face with duck buns.
tomorrow is the ladt day of the sydney dalton diet and let me tell you it has been hell and i bet it doesnt even work.
hey #gwu;interested in a free ticket to the train concert tomorrow night;head to the smith center now to help us out with set up!
please may my band make a cover of scream to perform for our school &amp; maybe upload to youtube with yours and hedley's permission?
quevega is even money to win the world hurdle with  well happy thursday to me #sheisthefemalebigbuck's.
i teach my class to count in pennies at first; i may be part of the problem.
winter jam is all set up;the artist line up and tour dates will be announced on october 30th;who do you hope is going to be announced?
i know dude iona is 15 mins away and they're closed through monday; its not like there isn't just cause to cancel.
easy to have a couple extra wins when byu has played the 31st ranked schedule compared to utah, who's played the 3rd; #sagarin.
monday preview: are yummy mummies bad role models;cherie blair thinks they are - do you agree?
;  via the last time it was sarah louise palin this moment willard mitt romney or thursday joseph robinette paul.
jeremy ausmus eliminated in 5th place ($2,155,313) after he gets it in on the turn w/ a straight draw to sylvia's top pair and sylvia holds.
the spurs may have won the battle, but not the war!
july 16, 8pm est, big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials.
duelo makes me want to go and hit up rodeo every saturday #houstontx.
#specialneeds judo weekly class on at the #southville centre tomorrow night - medal winning sports stars!
hola muchachas, are you ready for a night full of fashion, fun and beauty; this saturday nikki beach miami and.
did lvms get showgirls from primm or mesquite; c'mon bruton you can do better #nascar.
i dont remember the name but it's a big award and snsd was performed gee or gennie,u may search google for that incident.
i'm headed to the oct 26 crab feast at jimmy's in dundalk md with new generation ministries at the metroplex with.
;woah, deezer; babel only came out on monday, can you leave it up for longer than a day to give slow people like me a chance?
shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday, to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake; [jakart;  #mufc.
i want gatekeeper to dj every event i go to;  from here on out (@ 7th street entry for teengirl fantasy w/.
miss last friday's soundboard, our radio partnership with  and.
i'm from halifax, nova scotia; not sure if we will go on march break, i'll have to see as it gets closer; why?
just discovered restaurant on top of centre point; am now taking agent to it tomorrow; no idea what food like but presumably view sublime!
good deal; i'll be in newport sunday w/ friends as well as the 17th in dayton;#herestoanother.
just drove through calle ocho on a friday night; never knew it was cuban brickell; outside bars, lounges, pubs; interesting.
no pain no gain balls deep sweet chin music hbk got us all da way turnt up;hair weave killa dont sweat it tomorrow we'll get you permed up.
ya which plans lol;and btww amreen can't even come friday to the msa event she has a bday :(.
going to the album signing on wednesday at hmv in newcastle any one know if you go to the same place for the wrist band xxxxxxxx.
yo; it's been 5 years since kina grannis wrote her song "cambridge"; a lot of you may know it from wong fu.
i love the triangle rt this is really going to hurt virginia tech on selection sunday.
federal reserve stands firm on bond-buying program: the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is standing firm.
think i might go see the zac brown band in december at joe louis;anyone interested in goin?
brush picks shaker off, but then shaker returns the favor, picking off brush; still 13-7 brush in 3rd quarter.
les 1d aiment le soleil " let's go crazy crazy till we see the sun " " i wanna stay uan and jump around untill we see the sun " i'm a sun !
bring the tenna in tomorrow gazza;#thankyou.
the 1st annual doral design district international taste of the arts is almost here;enjoy yummy food from well.
i'm going to such gold at hoosier dome in indianapolis, in - nov 1.
jumpcity;vol1 is going to be on datpiff tomorrow  ;so check that out ;download ; #lightwork.
going out tomorrow for the first time in 11 days to my dads for dinner first watching dons v preston on sky sports 2 tho #steppingstones.
any of ya'll going to msa on thurs?
roger jones recommends sun is shining (smoke out dubstep mix) by bob marley; listen to it for free on deezer!
cit is bludgeoning the feb-apr 2013 programme into shape; mighty things in store for visual artists, theatre makers, writers &amp; more.
my passion: nhk announces hosts for the 63rd annual kohaku uta gassen - chychytcuit: on october 16th, nhk.
good point; i also think that t; martin leaving to usc set us back a few yrs; pitino's 5th year at ul, he went to nit.
a florida player would never get away from a cop with pot and a gun in his car; michael dyer did - then got dismissed -.
yes please;entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun, 10 mar 2013!
wanna see eva longoria;come canvass with us at 11 am tomorrow;#womenforobama.
now here is where conservative arabs and conservative jews may come to terms;  abortion;  the gaza strip may solve it all by itself.
mohammad hirzallah (24) from rafah (gaza strip) died thursday from injuries sustained in an israeli air strike a day earlier.
support the relief works for one of the most affected regions "tohoku " in japan earthquake &amp; tsunami in march.
aww kina grannis sang 'mr; sun' for all the filipinos who suffered from floods; &lt;3.
i may or may not have freightened a large number of l;a; residents, merely  by making eye contact with them in the past 48 hours.
the official premiere of coffee &amp; cameras is tomorrow morning, but vips, get the full show today at.
was going on cams 4 a later show today but instead, helped our daughter get a new nissan titan; she's so excited;be on tomorrow, for sure!
according the bnp's website they are bussing people down from sheffield for the "bbc paedo" protest at broadcast house tomorrow.
i may disagree with you there but i can appreciate your love of hbk;   is the ultimate legend.
" "may the odds be ever in your favor;" - the hunger games"  #yourmovie.
q1 5:55; philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the tennessee 6 for 20 yards; 1st &amp; 6.
"wto barred china on thursday from imposing duties on certain u;s; steel exports, siding with u;s; pres; barack obama".
will you be in toledo tomorrow for the bearcats game?
deron said he'll practice tomorrow; could've gone today, he said, but he was told to wait 2 days to let injury heal up.
happy friday everyone;check out leah's pick of the week:  glasses: oliver peoples "bacall" sunglasses: miyagi.
that's awesome;wanna go to the albion v arsenal game at the emirates on the 8th of dec;would be cool to hang out.
very much looking forward to the   tomorrow with teengirl fantasy,  &amp;  - chika chika yeh.
i never touched it so it was obviously tor, bloody hell gazza we'l get another one saturday;xx.
wto members meeting as the general council on 26 october 2012 have agreed to laos joining the organization,.
of an attack with sophos  first european vendor security solutions(@ living tomorrow).
putting together a preview story for the cmu field hockey team; they're hosting kent state saturday with the mac championship on the line.
thank god its friday,rick ross da boss live in lagos tonite at eko hotel ;come link up with me .
so aj getting in the elevator with cena means they had sex between the 3rd and the ground floor; -wwe logic.
; would luv if you could make an announcement about chris rene concert  this thursday;thanks.
byu vs gt will re-air saturday at 9am mt; we did not get vod rights so it won't be archived on.
i may be a career college student trying to get my bachelor's degree too;unless you'd like to write me a check for 50k.
#maction; i mean, way to go, bearcats; made up for a 4th quarter from hell with one huge drive.
happy 102 years to l;a; artist tyrus wong;may the road rise to meet you, may the wind be always at your back:.
oomf today thought he can talk to me on some other shit wait til tomorrow lol.
#infosec #security sophos releases usb accessory for remote ethernet device: on wednesday, sophos announced the .
soundboard came today; tomorrow is set it up and see if it all works day lol;  if all goes as planned i'll be streaming 24-7 soon!
and i feel the exact same way about allderdice haha, its my 2nd favorite project he's released (behind k&oj); hes making good music.
major dilemma; do i start charles tonight or reggie wayne sunday;messed up by teaching martin last thursday;#help.
watching a chuck close documentary with my cat on a friday night; i am exactly who my students imagine i am.
watching "the announcement" on  about #magic johnson; amazing documentary- a must watch.
i would like to fast forward to friday when i'm at the singapore indoor stadium!
very entertaining 1st half of the merseyside derby.
i just hope that sandy goes away before november 6 because if she doesn't then vips in nj probably have to cancel the nj concert :c.
"but professor, if i may just remind you that you only achieved a bsd and bachelor's by the age of 24;".
had a few emails about my storck adrenalin the chap clearly new feck all about carbon and bikes in general;i may have to brake it for spares.
beer, xbox, undertaker: the streak dvd; fuck you saturday night.
mt  knaus asks  "how the clouds looking; earl answers "cloudy"; knaus: "c'mon, try to be (freakin') serious".
young reserve keeper jak alnwick will be on the bench on sunday for newcastle utd after rob elliot picked up a injury lastnight!
come see us at the scottsdale home &amp; garden show on nov 3rd &amp; 4th at westworld of scottsdale;  be the first to see the new holiday items!
red foo (lmfao) &amp; the party rock crew are going to rock the singapore indoor stadium on november 5th;who's excited;:d.
oy;  don't expect to get a flag when you're playing like this in the 2nd half, okay eddie royal?
you me and  should skip knaus' class tomorrow morning and go get breakfast at perkins :).
oh yeah just cant wait spring breakers apparently got a worldwide release on march 5th 2013; i want it just so hype #fb.
if you uploaded videos from kina grannis' concert last wednesday, send us the link so we can share it with everyone else;happy sunday;:).
i think it may have been the words you used about st patrick's day.
#hamont is great;so much happening in the city; just started at msa in august.
at the bottom left, just west off the picture is the fullerton hotel where snsd stayed in dec 11.
tuesday, june 12, is the republican primary in virginia;  i strongly recommend jamie radtke for u;s; senator!
wow this benji story is amazing;then drose won the state champs with his number 4 the 1st time since benji won it;wow.
won: nov 1 observer radio: bryan alvarez and dave meltzer talk cena's return to the ring, smackdo;  #wwe #wwf #tna.
real madrid will have the first option to buy tottenham winger gareth bale, if spurs sell the welsh international; (sunday mirror).
nike air force 1 'usa' 30th anniversary - see the full gallery on posterous as nike continues to celebrate.
if i'm off from work again tomorrow, i'm spending the entire day catching up on the walking dead.
really may be the best "heel"  has had since undertaker back when he kidnapped stephanie mcmahon.
bring the kids along to scary mary's halloween storytime on wednesday at 9;30am at genera @ generations cafe.
football: dons defeat  33-20; next game is sat vs;  in the dons homecoming game; kickoff at 1 pm #scfafootball.
michael easton killed the 'stand alone' conversation on friday eppi; happy mcsexy is back; &lt;3 #gh #mcbam.
i think imma just go tomorrow cus iona feel like being bothers at all !
if you like la leyenda and duelo listen and download my recent mix!
haha edge is my 2nd favorite wrestler all-time to hbk; so it's worth it for me.
thanksgiving, christmas, st patrick's day, memorial day, and july 4th are the only good holidays; every other one is stupid.
daylight savings fall back is this sunday, nov 4;turn your clocks back 1 hr on saturday night before bed &amp; enjoy the extra hour of sleep!
#idp will texans see the old mario williams on sunday; will texans see the old mario williams ;  #fantasyfootball.
bret hart, hbk, and vince mcmahon were now involved in the 2nd best screwjob ever.
weekend playlist - vol1 - every friday im going to post a weekend playlist of my favorite tunes for the.
thunderbolt:a strong electric blast is loosed at the foe; it may also leave the foe paralyzed.
carnival tomorrow ;need to put my flags in the laundry.
vincent jackson limited in monday practice estimates, fantasy value just fine for thursday: tampa bay buccaneers.
[video] exo-m's tudou interview + luhan & chen sing what is love; exo-m's latest interview with tudou;retty im.
and i don't think it helps that tomorrow is labour day haha; yup, fingers crossed that some stores put it out!
sat watching school days #totps with my dad &amp; the runaways came on;i jumped up in excitement &amp; he was like who are they;is he kidding me?
diop sisters project reach out in the sub on thursday, november 1st at 7:00 p;m; come volunteer to be a mentor and help the girl scouts.
#tedxsendai is october 10th  watch it and learn more about the people affected by the tohoku disaster.
i think i'm gonna go with brown i hate going with players on thursday even though i'm going with vincent jackson.
ok so everyone who thinks its 'internationaldirectionerday' ; your wrong directioners day is 23rd of july the day they were formed;smh.
me and  sat in the kitchen eating loads of food last night with owain like throwing up lmao #sozmate.
until tonight;  the speech tonight may only have one fact - "my name is willard mitt romney;".
lol remember the 1st time we ever met with nabeel when we reached that jam.
asa and kim bought me a swarovski rose for mothering sunday; i haven't a clue what to do with it; it is still in the box.
spotify's sean parker and daniel ek make music -- and some noise: the full d10 interview (video):  at the 10th d.
happy taco tuesday @ rogue tavern;fried shrimp &amp; crawfish with homemade guacamole or pulled roasted chicken w/.
if spurs sell vdv, plus modric leaves, they may as well save us the wait n just join the championship.
cost-efficient ips cells manufacture process developed; for myocardial cells with a 20th of conventional budget (nhk).
last week to sign the petition to keep labour day in may; sign the petition today!
from the soundboard will feature #georgecarlin and #paulmooney wed jul 11 3 to 5am  summer fund drive; #donate #money.
do endsmeat;sharon stone rushed to the hospital;- oh no;sharon stone had a health scare on saturday when she was .
hollywoodcrush: 'my super psycho sweet 16 pa 3' premieres tonight;prepare for the carnage with this clip:.
only thing worse than sylvia finishing 2nd in wsop is dealing with selbst's wrath for making that allin call.
#bills mario williams not sure if he'll practice today (wrist) expects to be more effective sunday.
just in the interview with author and speaker joseph p; genera will start to air this monday afternoon; stay tune for times.
wbo's 3rd time fighter of the decade, manny pacquiao; #24oras.
happy 20th birthday  god bless you;hope god makes aoo your dreams come true;love you;happy swift day!
tracy mcgrady arrived in china on wed after signing with qingdao eagles; his arrival at the airport was crazy -.
31dec1988 v newcastle was my 1st ever game, 2-0 you &amp; walshy scored, you and gazza was laurel &amp; hardy on programme #coys.
tgi friday;bcos tomorrow #springfest starts;see you 1pm sat @ st patrick's point, lake wendouree for 1st event of w/e: outrigger canoeing!
daylight savings is this saturday night;so remember to fall back so you aren't late to church sunday - it's all saint's sunday!
the federal reserve&amp;#039;s latest easing program may be nicknamed &amp;quot;qe infinity&amp;quot; on wall street, but it .
tarheels gave it a great effort in 2nd half;  pirates pulled out a big win; throw down next sat; and tough one for me, but go pirates.
600 people will pack st patrick's cathedral later this morning to watch father paul bird be ordained as the 8th catholic bishop of ballarat.
october is my bday month too;michael easton should do it so i can get a bday hug;lol.
u ok with the poster for tomorrow; tea will be provided for you; can you get to the cafe for about 6pm to sound check;rosie x.
#1: the 2nd law [explicit]: the 2nd law [explicit] muse | format: mp3 download  1 day in the top 100 (1)download.
call me maybe is on the radio; david owen has to hear it tomorrow on our last day!
my fav all time r&amp;b singer, maxwell, w/b @ the mgm grand, foxwoods casino on nov 24th; i'm in love; lol.
our contest is being featured on  blog, for pi day friday;check it out here;   and enter to win!
the sun will still shine over the metroplex tomorrow; (metaphorically).
hahahaha i i wish that it was november already so that i can go to winter jam; they have yet to announce the line ups; :d.
getting ready for the maine archives and museums conference, tomorrow in orono;  looking forward to connecting.
sooo i might go to laidback luke on friday with nessaaaa ^;^ we going hard &gt;:].
really should get some sleep since i have the cashee makeup testing tomorrow; but i'm not, the usual.
oomf is in for it tomorrow i just can't wait i know exactly what i am going to do to them ((:.
25-year-old dallas seavey wins iditarod - dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday, becoming the y.
"la filla de sharon stone i andy garcia s'enamora a tossa" tot sobre el rodatge de "what about love" a #horalgirona.
sounds good; so would queen's birthday holiday and labour day holidays then be on the following tuesday;it's only fair.
#billclinton was mr;miyagi tonight;let's see how danielsan (obama) does tomorrow;#dnc2012.
list of ceremonies and events for the first anniversary of the great east japan earthquake  (as of february 17).
ucla coach ben howland says josiah turner is a great player but he expects arizona to come together and play well thurs.
umbc alert: due to hurricane sandy the campus will be closed on tuesday october 30; check the umbc website for more information; stay safe!
don't forget "milonga noche argentina" this saturday night at calle ocho, with latigo daniel's class starting at.
federal reserve stands firm on bond-buying program: the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is s;  #business.
baru tau kalo picplz mau shut down tgl 3 july; kalah saingan sm instagram; somehow it reminds me of posterous vs tumblr.
kylie jenner's runway for abbey dawn is going to be on e news tomorrow every make sure you tune in and watch it.
r;i;p kraig, i will never forget growing up &amp; racing at #littletspeedway together &lt;3 may the racing angels lead you to victory lane.
prep football: brighton and northglenn put on their track shoes friday night ; and the bulldogs outran the norse 69-48.
one fc 6: rise of kings is scheduled to blow the roof off of the singapore indoor stadium on saturday, october 6.
#sports alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win iditarod: dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tues.
if you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today;-bruce lee.
yahoo fantasty basketball league; just sign in through facebook for an account; send me emails i need like 20 ppl leggo;draft sundy 4th!
don't forget to set your clocks back this saturday before you go to bed;daylight savings time ends on sunday,.
under 24hrs till the  album is out;get urs on cd or mp3 download at  shipping aug 01 #miaklose #rock #london.
i can recall 3 situations where #wwe changed plans because of tweets;1st is jr to replace king, 2nd brock interfering in the cena vs rock!
yeah; i'll just read ssomethhin else; ps the book depository will notify me when they have quicksilver *wants* nov; 1st t_t.
i start next monday; yay; argus is good; have you been up in london the whole time;thank you!
utah can take a look at colorado for motivation - the buffaloes were picked 11th last season and made the ncaa tournament.
don't forget to remind the people that daylight savings time ends 2am sunday; set you clocks back one hour.
former #stlblues jacques plante wears mask for first time in game nov 1 1959 montreal canadiens vs ny rangers after he was struck in face.
rushers;do u want btr on pcas;october 27 tweet/rt #btronpcas;time: 3-6 pst/6-9 est #time4change let's get btr nominated;btr deserves it!
fashion pics from the yellow carpet of the headies 2012 awards held on saturday at eko hotel, victori.
ren fair with owain tomorrow; fluff yes.
up to you~ btw, can we celebrate ranty, chunji &amp; lay's bdae tomorrow;xd just need to buy one cake though~ xd.
if spurs hadn't got that result mate you guys would have been 1st up; have you heard saf moaning;  4mins injury time an insult.
" : if spurs beat villa tomorrow it will be their second best start to a premier league season;" #crisis #avbout.
myself and owain are available tomorrow if you're short, though as a duo if poss as he owes me a lift; #student.
good luck from  to cork youth orchestra preparing for its concerts with michael ball, 8 &amp; 9 dec, city hall, have fun!
preparing copies to take to #telford town centre tomorrow now; good excuse for a teensy shopping trip with daughter methinks!
"'is to copy out the "encyclopaedia britannica;" there is the first.
join us for the last kidstuff show of 2012, next sunday, nov 4 at 12:30 pm in the smith center; get a sneak peek.
la: my friend has 1 extra ticket for the new normal panel at paleyfest tomorrow evening;if you want to tag along, please dm me;no weirdos.
vice-president of the senegalese fa has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday's home tie with ivory coast.
i'll come for the faculty exhibition on tuesday; and i'm like most of the time in uni after 3:30 pm :) in cit building.
i just realized i'm going to see hedley tomorrow; ohmygod; #5thtime :d #weday.
i'm ready for saturday kenan stadium is going to be loud and proud for the tarheels you ain't ready elon #tarheelnation.
daylight savings is ending and you know what that means - an extra hour of sleep on saturday night; this is our.
ramcharan escaped from fine  october 25, 2012  the supreme court warned the director gen.
i have to be up @ 3am to be @ work at 4 #fml had a good time at the grammy's whitney houston tribute; sat 4 chairs away from bobbi kristina.
i'm going to do the sydney dalton diet right before school so on the 4th day during school i go looking fab xoxo.
saturday is daylight savings time - don't forget to set your clocks back 1 hour before bed or you will be extra early for church on sunday!
cool beans :) try and let me know by the end of the day;7pm, fri 22nd at moomba :).
entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on 2013/03/10;this will be the 7th time;check it out.
takin my math cashee tomorrow , thursday nd friday helpin out at the special olympics ;hopin my best friend is there ;(: #winnin !
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume, april 10.
i miss nabeel and his voice and his accent and i cant wait till he calls tomorrow and and and im blabbering.
its thursday; and that means we're starting mysts of albion; campaign packs at the ready guys and if you.
on the way to cornwall listening to you; by the way it is mothering sunday officially; love the music so far.
received an email from airasia regarding the trip to lombok this friday; goodbye kuala lumpur and hello lombok, indonesia!
thanks brendan for the nascar virtual racing rt; will we see you at the 2013 nascar spring cup in march at lvms;shake n' bake!
they were here in may for crawfish;did you see them then?
this thursday's msa meeting inshallah; check out the facebook event!
have a blast friday night-i'd love to see you in victory lane;i can't make it, but i will meet you soon;good luck man.
i'm taking the cahsee (i've never taken it bitches so stfu) csu &amp; uc applications are in progress, and i'm taking the sat saturday; fuck -;-.
kajal will act 2nd time with ramcharan,mahesh,ntr,raviteja,karthi.
what youtube can learn from #youku (just completed a merger with tudou, china's 2nd largest video sharing site;)  #china.
baseball game with brentley tomorrow #goddoesgoodthing   we r; back.
#inmiddeschool i got my 1st cell phone; i was too happy i got that phone; it was a kyocera flip phone lol ahh those were the days lol.
i haven't been able to enjoy tea since tuesday; i just want to drink a cup without feeling as though i'll hurl.
hanging with oomf tomorrow then saturday after i get off work (.
im goin to allderdice on friday;seems like it be smackin.
in europe we celebrate mothers day on mothering sunday which is in lent but the americans wanted to be different;i think.
chuck close shares his best-kept secrets with  on the eve of his new show, opening thursday.
in celebration of mother's day in #argentina, we will be treating mom's to a glass of bubbly with #brunch tomorrow!
you knw wat i'm waf with morris hall boys on twitter though they all go cause they 2nd floor team u feel me.
many thanks to zac brown for your support of the troops and the vets---on monday night football.
tomorrow, sylvia and damien have my full attention; #storytime with.
snsd releases their music videos for 'flower power': with just two weeks to go before the release of their 6th j.
so i may or may not be able to afford snsd's new japanese album; &gt;_&lt; not that deluxe version anyway; maybe i'll get the normal one.
#lincoln imagine running from the capitol to the white house 4 an answer from lincoln during the vote on the 13th amendment.
i posted 20 photos on facebook in the album "abbey dawn at new york fashion week - red carpet (10 sep 2012)".
this will be my 4th year in a row geared up as cena passing out candy to the trick-or-treaters, the kids love it &amp; so do the moms ;).
#monstermafia vs; the runaways from  last weekend;we return in singles action nov 3rd; we want a #rematch.
hollywood actress sharon stone, 55, chaired an aids research fund raiser despite being hospitalised with a migraine on friday.
tomorrow morning, 8am at eko hotel, it will be another awesome time in god's holy presence; we look forward to seeing you all; good night.
upper room (our young adult ministry) is meeting this sunday at 6pm @ the otto's; hang out with 20+ young adults.
rt: nbc's fashion star is casting tomorrow in san francisco &amp; atlanta;think you have what it takes;#applynow #lookingforthenextfashionstar.
renner hits ebron on the post route; touchdown tarheels; pat is good; 7-0 tarheels; 5:49 left in 1st qtr.
awesome thursday meeting; mike d; rocked the house;(@ double tree by hilton).
en uan: see the sun en lwwy: see the sun y ahora todas las directioners see the sun por little things- ori.
lol idek what phase my shit is;i just know morris hall 3rd floor hell.
i'm going to miguel migs at nikki beach miami in miami, fl - mar 18.
oh god;the saga; not a fan of it but more tolerable than "tokyo"; he closed on friday night of noc.
the celtics celebrated their new year on nov 1; it marked the end of summer, darker half of the year, beginning of cold winter #hybridfacts.
saturday night live is going to have a ball with willard mitt romney; #romneyisajokefactory.
wednesday preview - sixteen players do battle for quarter-finals: media notes for the bnp paribas open, an atp w.
entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun, 10 mar 2013;what have i got myself into!
nothing like a merseyside derby to start a sunday off;let us know your thoughts about todays big epl matchups!
today my friend's birthday nabeel afpendi he is my friend dunia akhirat; may god bless him very well; iloveyou nabeel.
hot off our poster printer michael ball in concert with cyo december 8th 9th  in city hall cork.
2012 may 29 | cure hemorrhoids - ratitng: check it, the nice: -it&amp;#39;s unique: unlike 85% of the products in genera.
happy saturday morning;if you're in austin this weekend don't miss the state's largest book festival happening this weekend at the capitol.
can we all just skip to christmas &amp; winter break and then to march break then summer that would be perfect thanks.
team kumite in tohoku championship  we got 3rd place;this photo was taken 3years ago; do you find me;ol.
thanks to moomba, i've been cruising wi the medicare since april 2011; today i decided to finally go get it done;#abouttime.
happy how the capitol one cup results are coming through, we beat chelsea tomorrow and you might aswell give us the cup;#mufc.
oh, vincent jackson, why must you play on thursday;making my wr decision very difficult indeed;  #fantasyfootballproblems.
if spurs dont win tomorrow the only consolation we will have will be another entertaining twitter breakdown from  stay tuned folks!
do you own a nissan titan in mesa, jim click wants to be your one stop  automotive destination; visit us at.
ben howland gives much credit to phil matthews, the one-time ventura college coach, for ucla landing prized recruit shabazz mohammed.
disptaches from the tea room: this afternoon we hosted a gluten free feast for a lovely member of staff who is leaving tomorrow.
soaking rain falls across metroplex: widespread rain across the metroplex soaked the region saturday, with most.
we've rescheduled halfway to st patrick's day and the band  for thurs sept 27 5-8pm - see you there;#nola.
see ya in victory lane jan 1;no more twitter vx your one of the best things in my life ;try not to be mean gbu.
patrick leahy &amp; christian bale together again; u;s; senator to make his 2nd cameo in batman movie in dark knight rises.
who is the best;2ne1, with their first full concert on dec 1 at the singapore indoor stadium; tickets go on sale oct 19.
friday: china's first 10 years in the wto;  small fee for cle;  iu students and faculty free.
question of the day: can anything beat quevega in thursday's world series hurdle; have your say.
bahraini prince to visit gaza strip: a bahraini prince will on thursday make a rare trip to the gaza strip to op.
vs; byu tonight for 1st place in #wcc; it's on  at 7pm #gotoreros    ^rb.
sunday's matches certainly more than made up for all the 'excitement' that saturday sputtered through beginning with the merseyside derby.
grandeza mexicana dance academy would like to invite you to our 6th annual showcase;please come and support :d &lt;3.
if you autopost from anything to facebook, you may need to re-set up that auto post; just had to for posterous.
richard bland in contention for 1st euro tour title with a late birdie charge giving him a 1-shot lead midway through the italian open #fsn.
good morning to my clique     loving the friday addition of flava in da morning.
hi cena why would you do this sunday,do you want to the rock face again,undertaker will face in wm30;good luck &lt;3.
nitemoves tomorrow , who going ?
the cit fighters they make me proud       tomorrow night is the night.
chris rene: live &amp; exclusive; x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow, but.
jane was ever-so-smart on sunday's #thementalist; great performance by owain too;i like the new style adopted in season 5; keep it up!
chuck close talks process in anticipation of his opening  tonight, 6 to 8 pm at 534 west 25th street.
september 22 1960, born on this day, joan jett, the runaways, (1982 no;1 single with the blackhearts, 'i love rock 'n' roll').
when i heard about the libor scandal 1st i thought (blast from the past) it was david owen &amp; david steele all over again;#libor #1980s.
good weekend to have gotten the sunday nyt;  reading gradually through, discovered 1st season bomb girls is on reelz starting this weekend.
i want (and above all i need) to see spring breakers; i'm slowly dying because of waiting it to be released; please, release it tomorrow,.
that should be andy lee's 3rd punt today down inside the 5.
andy lee punts it down to the 14 after crabtree couldn't come up with grab on 3rd down.
unfortunately, not yet; wanted to go to revenge at paleyfest in march, but couldn't make it; hopefully soon; so happy for you;:).
i got the job at claytons;: i start monday doing sheetrock(: #moneymakin.
ronald reagan sr; in doral; last town hall before nov 6, 6:30pm tonight;come out, get informed on #vote222.
just watched friday's #gh; about time sam and mcbain kissed;always thought  had more chemistry with michael easton than burton.
good luck on the dirt & lvms from the selby family.
i just saw your link to the show;it is on wednesday :-) yahoo;thanks again.
afi fest, the granddaddy of l;a; film festivals, opens its 26th edition thursday night wit.
winner #3 #swagcorner at the showdown 2012 final showdown | 4 july 2012 @ kl live.
angels~ we have got a chunji fan here ^^; one with a very cute imagination, if i may add ^^; follow =&gt.
come on iona just cancel class for tomorrow already.
our team is the most hated in the league; did you see lee and terry's frustration tuesday;welcome to the celtics!
carnival tomorrow; i'll make sure to take pictures:) #excited.
quevega is just too good, thought it may struggle a little with those conditions;bring on big bucks v quevega ;) haha.
1-0 newcastle utd ; cabaye places it in bottom left corner, his 1st goal of the season; what a start.
deron just put me on punishment becuz i said i may be sleep by the time he may head to rhons.
finally get to use my gc from mother's day for a facial and massage tomorrow;now i can act like i'm the stay at.
if petraeus is ruined then so is mcchrystal -he probably handed out the guns in libya - bc he owes obama/biden for his 4th star.
posterous is gone;all data lost friday;not even server message up today;   i've lost 3;5 yrs of posts; have you checked your posterous?
tuesday, june 12, is election day in virginia; please vote in the republican primary for jamie radtke for u;s; senator!
so glad i got to meet you in the flesh last friday  for soundboard!
good luck to gary wilson of wgc playing in the volvo matchplay competition at bristol &amp; clifton gc on thu 25 october.
japan fukaoka tix will be released on 24 nov; im doubtful that we can get the tix coz the vips will have priority.
nit for thursday - what is the #1 thing kids do not like to hear their parents say?
no drink the world - not even tea - can beat the taste and feeling of a first few gulps of a 1st beer when you really want it.
heat between the rock &amp; hbk, the rock's return and wm 29 matches: every friday i will open up the twitter mail b.
bing one-ups knowledge graph, hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results: it may have retired from the cut.
excited to have nothing to do but sit around orono with no classes tomorrow.
americans celebrate pi day on march 14th (3;14), we celebrate almost pi day, today;happy almost pi day;(22/7).
oct 17 wulords performing live;@ frankie's in squirrel hill; if you love hip hop, you gotta be there;the saga continues.
kina grannis will perform tonight;see you there;august 8 / 8pm at teatrino promenade;   buy your tickets now.
anyone looking to go to a show; we have several of them booked;october 10th at the hoosier dome, october 13th.
dammn yung tracy mcgrady goin to play in china really wish injuries didnt slow him down was one the best in the  my 2nd favorite player.
i just remember there is nhk reporters coming at university tomorrow \o/.
vincent jackson injury update: active on thursday against the vikings, fantasy owners can rest easy: tampa bay b.
ben howland implies he has no interest in #huskers hoops coaching job; see la times .
it's your 20th birthday chunji oppa;^ may all your dreams come true;wish you all the best for your future;fighting.
i'm just waiting until thursday; i won't be at school; i'll be at the smith center the entire day; fuck yeahhhh.
lovatics ;are you ready for demi lovato's 4th album ;:).
flight landing in jakarta at 15:15 on december 25; can we make the airasia flight at 19:35 same day to bali;separate bookings.
recording the 4th episode of  with kyle and tj tonight; vips will have it tomorrow.
christian hernandez, 2014 catcher out of doral, fl had the key hit for cfbl blue today; down 1 in the 7th inning,.
olympics: david owen: why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ; -  (bl.
gpb isakson says us will avoid fiscal cliffgpbin a talk thursday at the atlanta press club, u;s; senator johnny.
seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for march 14: ivan shares have traded as high as $3;15 over the pa.
three things i'm excited for monday: 1)addict dance academy starts 2)the hunger games comes out on dvd and 3)  is back with open.
t-blue joined the memorial service of the great east japan earthquake at logoslife church on march 10th.
what;seoul on jan 28th - feb 5th; send a request for the accommodation in the corner of myeongdong; i wish it will go through well.
michael dyer got kicked out of his 2nd school; smh; he had it made; why throw away your talent like that; smfh.
well,  it may not be at afi fest, but you don't have to wait long for "spring breakers" to play la -.
was going back up to dayton in january but ion really think i can handle being up there to live that place ain't no good for me.
the new imac is so freaking thin; i may choose it over a thunderbolt display; unless they update it to!
well i want the draft to be on saturday do u have a yahoo account.
don't forget about daylight savings time; it is this sunday morning at 3am; you get to move your clock back to.
father's day is just commercial of course but the british version of mothering sunday goes back centuries and it marks the.
3rd season dance academy means to me : going crazy;i love it and can't wait :))).
i think  and i were talking about saturday how cool it would be to perform bebop songs with yoko kanno in attendance.
my mommy just said she'd give me $1,000 to go to peru in march;whoo whoo whoo!
one concern about posterous is that it was bought by twitter recently and so may no longer have same support/development as previously.
2nd plenary with cherie blair and sanjit bunker roy #wf12.
saturday is a rugby day;game against umd today; lets go tarheels; #unc #girlswhoplayrugby #rugby.
ramcharan's #racha succesfully completes 3weeks with record collections,into 4th week;now.
next saturday, be sure to check out nero and adventure club with fareoh at hammerstein ballroom at manhattan.
so we get to see it in ireland tomorrow on e news; can't wait; congrats on the little bun in the oven #amazeballs x.
just got myself 3 free tickets to kwamz&amp;flava on wednesday; but i dunno if im going.
watching 'the announcement' for 2nd time; story of magic johnson &amp; hiv; its a fantastic documentary, upbeat message about a sad topic.
albion write off nottingham loss: plymouth albion winger jack arnott says the club will 'write off' saturday's 3.
released 1st open source version of karm; a task management application in lua; check it out.
shaker can't just post pone halloween ; tf wensday i'm getting my candy not on sunday.
fed keeps rates low, says growth is moderate the federal reserve stuck to its assessment wednesday that the econ.
vice-president of the senegalese fa has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday's home tie with ivory coast #africa.
aggtown: this fri i'm on stage at club crucial and mykfresh with me!
: ill have copies on deck for the show on the 28th at the hoosier dome .
haha oh yeah you're right, who have arsenal got;catch you tomorrow boys;up the albion!
excited for fri,not so i can get smashed but so i can go to the garden centre,look at the xmas display and have a coffee #wtf #grannyalert.
check out the new fall tv at paleyfest tomorrow!
just a reminder than we will be playing in hmv in buchanan street on tues the 6th :) time tbc; hope to see you guys there x.
nets roster set, deron dishes on ankle - saturday, the brooklyn nets were up and at 'em for a full practice, now th.
happy 20th blessed birthday chunji;^^ one more year and you will enter the life of the adulthood:d have fun with the boys;^ #1005chunjiday.
tomorrow night;halloween meltdown with nero dj set at hammerstein ballroom at manhattan center with gbh events.
check out tomorrow's ca; i picked the brains of 4 of the city's top arms--brady bramlett, victor cole, david owen and john marc shelly.
hard day looking forward to my tea now may have to call in to an irlam takeaway #memories.
so get finished early today &amp; get tomorrow off;my 1st though ooooo could go to the garden centre; what's happened to me.
so its sake at gui sensai's tonight hmmmm interesting, although i may just spend time with naruto, we rarely have any time together.
a regal nissan titan helped walk a bride down the aisle on saturday;  share your special nissan story.
after the great east japan earthquake on march 11 last year, the performance of the spectacularly tall tokyo sky.
so, i take it you will be dressing up like drose and trying to sneak onto the court tomorrow night?
anybody know the theme for the reagan game tomorrow?
'labour day will stay in may;  #standforqld; qlders don't let newman tell us when to celebrate labour day it's our day.
nascar: win moves bowyer to 4th in chase standings: until then, he's just fine walking to victory lane; bowyer a.
golf: junior franco castro had 10 birdies and a 64 (-8) to tie the school record for a single 18-hole round; he was tied for 3rd at -14.
as per the information coming from reliable sources vinayak - ramcharan's "nayak" (naayak) audio release date not confirmed on nov 25th.
hey  make my day and announce the 2nd season renewal for the  show "how to rock".
the announcement;august 24th and 25th, the all star monster truck tour invades the garland county fairgrounds in.
if i go to claytons tomorrow come over and bring it; and you owe me.
i'm performing at this benefit with  tonight mike d is djing as well gonna be fun; #lefooding #benefit.
solemn evening prayer to welcome the year of faith to be celebrated in st patrick's parish, belfast tomorrow evening at 7;30pm; all welcome.
we got to get that stuff for project , so tomorrow we can do it after weights and another ncaa tournament.
seavey youngest iditarod champion: dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday, becoming the youn.
sign up for 2013 #beachreach before december 1st; help us make an eternal difference in the lives of thousands of spring breakers.
i may end up just watching more nhk tonight; feel too nauseous to do any actual gaming before bed; have to get up at 5 am tomorrow.
big ovation for smith center native mark simoneau who will be the 2nd #kstate player inducted into the college football hall of fame.
im trying the sydney dalton diet starting monday :)))))).
it's going down friday 6th  #leeds calle ocho summer party the norths best  #salsa party; not to be missed.
i want a 16th birthday like my super psycho sweet 16 with extra pyscho.
first time seeing the   54 in person;can't wait to see it in victory lane tomorrow!
would you fly on friday the 13th;- yahoo;voices -.
yg's newest darling lee hi will make a debut on inkigayo this nov 4;show love vips;meanwhile please dont forget to vote for mama2012 ;".
wednesday: the hunger games &lt;3  thursday: supernatural &lt;3  friday: the vampire diaries &lt;3  (my plan for the next 3 days) :d xxx.
glad you enjoyed;#legitftw listen to tonight's "friday night is music night" wi michael ball n arts ed; amaaaze!
heard the song &amp; i think this album is going to 10000x better than uan, btw tomorrow im coming to london, wanna see you!
jara bangla gaan valobasis, check out the album 'mon kemoner station' by shreya ghoshal; amar to daroon lag6e.
the happy nasa video as #curiosity landed = nerd equivalent of the live feeds of bubble teams making the ncaa tourney on selection sunday.
"each of us has our precious things, and as we care for them we locate the essence of our humanity;" bill joy, co-founder sun microsystems.
heading to the social media day event at motor city casino's soundboard tomorrow; pretty exciting;#det.
no matter who you are, most of the smartest people work for someone else; ~ bill joy, co-founder of sun microsystems; #quotes.
get ready lovatics, the voting starts on october 23rd.
friday is pi day, gonna get round on pi day.
chunji is the 2nd oldest in teen top;#1005chunjiday.
snsd's tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10.
food inspires fashion;come hang with table at  downtown tomorrow at 6 p;m; and meet "fashion star" winner kara laricks!
tomorrow thorbjorn will be paired with richard bland and will be teeing off at 11:41 am (gmt +1).
they not for sports wit yo hatin ass lol i'm smart af; yu just focus on friday and them practice ogt's.
jv game tomorrow at the high school at 430 come out and support and watch us beat on shaker.
decided to enter the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun, 10 mar 2013!
i fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but i fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times; -bruce lee.
nikki beach miami next friday night for the all white affair, with   --- tix at.
holy cow;rumours that gypsy is coming back - with imelda staunton as rose no less;i think i may have just got over excited.
black friday i am going to be working but on my lunch break i'm getting some kicks and levi's &amp; polos.
;  hey karm, will i see you tuesday at.
blessing may free mp3 download  [like it; ].
i remember seeing  for the first time at his 10th album release party at hammerstein ballroom in nyc; i was in heaven #classic.
shaker is going to have school tomorrow; there's no doubt about that; the really question is, am i gonna go.
we'll be at food day omaha this sunday, 10/21, 9 am-1 pm, sampling cookie-inspired smoothies with girl scouts.
hey what's the status of kina grannis and her concert;if the rain is still this bad we might not have a show tomorrow.
in case you're curious, andy lee outscored all the nonqbs in my fantasy matchup; 2nd place: moorman; 3rd: larry fitzgerald.
i'm sitting here with my belt, in jean shorts watching cena win his first title; i think we tie for 1st my friend xd.
interesting: more tudou staff may follow chief out the door.
any lovatics going for the jonas brothers concert tomorrow night?
were on just before yee at castlepalooza next sat; deezer stage though; buzztown;there's a good crew about that day.
excitement for the bearcats tomorrow night obviously; :).
at a friends wedding on saturday so wont get to watch  win the wbo title; best of luck fella cant wait to see you back at whu.
of all the receivers with at least 20 receptions, cecil shorts is 2nd in average ypc (20); behind vincent jackson (21;6).
brilliant burns stops mitchell in 4th: kevin mitchell's bid to win the wbo lightweight title ended in failure on.
on july 16, 8pm est, big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during the commercials ;x.
ramcharan, v;v;vinayak's nayak is d 1st indian movie to be shot in the slovenia (europe).
fire the turn sylvia c'mon #kingturnezbet.
emilyyyy;can you please message natasha 289 404 8963 and tell her to be at calle 62 tomorrow at 2:30 ill wait there, thanks.
during 7th sense audio launch ramcharan said it is our bad luck that  a director like arm didn't born in ap;nd it created a riot among tfi!
tim byrdak tells espnny he will undergo anterior capsule surgery, hopes to pitch in majors during 2nd half of 2013 season.
at the bnp paribas open in the hot sun;   i know some of you would love this weather and the tennis.
i'm going to citizen at hoosier dome in indianapolis, in - nov 1.
"may the odds be ever in your favor;" - the hunger games".
can i just say that i love john mcbain aka michael easton;welcome to port charles;but they don't need to bring natalie;#gh.
so now i gotta decide between going to see duelo or heading to wild bills with friends saturday.
scant wait leave for l;a; tomorrow morning from omaha, ne to watch the trojans go duck hunting;see yahoo on the field!
tomorrow is the mother's day ; i love you,mom ^___^.
oh; well last time i saw colleges don't look at pssas; so if we want to compare how are your sat scores and gpa?
airasia aborts deal to buy indonesia's batavia air - southeast asia's top budget carrier airasia said monday it has .
david owen: un and nato must heed the lessons of kosovo and bosnia: diplomacy &amp; force are effective only in alliance.
mss fc have a tough drawn away to tristars and deloitte in the 3rd round of the london sunday fa cup, tie to be.
rotherham give clear warning to edl, bnp and nf october 12:  via  got the message yet;fuck off #edl.
may you please show how to rock from episode 1 and so on;i cant blieve theres no more how to rock.
i want one  who's wants one, chris rene tshirts  18th tmrw!
i think those that care about newcastle utd; really need to stop this happening.
october 28th is youth sunday at the upper room full gospel church;we invite you to  join us on sundays at 11am.
miss last friday's soundboard, our radio partnership with  and  podcast here:.
ramcharan and upasana getting tied to a new zanzeer of life and may god make this zanzeer stronger and stronger day by day.
come and see sophos at stand c10 and c20 on tuesday, wednesday or thursday at #infosec and learn more about 'complete security'.
great read for a rainy sat am; i always have mixed feelings about in the upper room; ratmansky sounds interesting; thank you.
the #marlies take on the hamilton bulldogs (affiliate of the montreal canadiens) tomorrow night in pre-season action; puck drop 7:00 pm!
the warriors are also ranked 4th in the east region; the top six teams in the region qualify for the ncaa tournament; #gowarriors.
who are the danger men newcastle utd have to look out for on sunday against west brom ?
went to victory lane at 10 took 1st got home at like just 3:45 fell asleep woke up at 6 fell asleep an jus woke up at 10:34.
i'd ask my roommate how he felt about the spurs, but the answer would take til tomorrow morning; that sob got me sick too!
hope the albion didn't ruin your sunday that much; nice seeing you again pal.
wbo featherweight champion orlando salido beat fighter gutierrez stopping him in the 3rd round saturday night in a non-title fight; #boxing.
when do sofhmores have to be at the library for the ogt's tomorrow?
i need to sleep have a big day taking the cashee tomorrow; sike no cashee equals no life for 4 hours.
strong 2nd set by dons evens it at 1-1 vs byu; let's finish this one out here at the hilltop;#godons #aimhigher.
the damaged stores by the great east japan earthquake has gathered and build shopping mole on 9 jun in ishinomaki miyagi;it's called(cont).
when brentley turns 7;5 years old on saturday, he'll be at half his life expectancy.
asu pajamas or northglenn pajamas tomorrow;trust me, its harder than you think.
watching karate kid 3 for the 1st time; so mr; miyagi's dream is to open a bonzai shop and not, i dunno, a karate dojo?
still tied up at 1 in orono between stony brook and maine, more balanced play from both teams in the 2nd half, 14 min left to play; #gomaine.
looking forward to seeing chuck close's installation at the 86th and 2nd ave subway;carol vogel  reports.
fuck rusko lol; laidback luke is here in el paso on friday, i could go since i'm so close;haha, but i'm going home friday.
i'm absolutely skint til payday next friday; this all stems from being paid the day i went to leeds festival.
sts espn - alaskan musher, 25, youngest to win iditarod - dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tues.
casually eating dinner i hear 1d on tv playing so i run 2 c&amp; then after de song it says uan is gonna playing on the 26th;mfg so watching it.
snow is normal in the northern half of the state such as flagstaff;i just met with u;s; senator  july 16 here!
then it goes to show that all you do is run your mouth but you can't ever come to our faces come to allderdice tomorrow bitch.
nitemoves is the place too b september 22nd foam party!
this season of the walking dead has been getting better by the episode; can't wait for next sunday.
malaysia's airasia x to suspend iran service: afp - the long-haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it w.
baby feed wheel also available in blue, meet me tomorrow at the baby event @ colne valley garden centre for more.
q&amp;a: mike d, punk star of the wine world: we talked to mike d after his set on sunday in brooklyn, where this ye.
just got a call from the tudou awards festival--we're up for 2 prizes, ceremony to kicks off in chengde may 19th.
twitter-owned blog service posterous loses multiple databases, down 6 hours+: as you may notice from the n;  #tnxw.
watching "the announcement" for about the 15th time.
" rafa will play his third round match at the bnp paribas open at indian wells on tuesday against marcel granollers;".
knaus says he thinks "we just had an ugly set of tires" on the last run, as the #lowes48 is moving back up through the field; now 11th.
yeah, keeps my mind off of not having any hedley dates to look forward to; although my last day is december 11th at work.
thanks  for coming pass the saga tonight;can't wait for love lee to drop oct 16;#sagalove.
i'm sure umbc is going to be cancelled tomorrow, but can they make it official already?
thursday unbearable slackers will be performing at the le grand fromage in atlantic city; doors open at 6pm and you must be 18+ to enter.
i need to go to sleep;i have to take the cahsee tomorrow /:.
tianna- happy sunday;(sips coffee;) ah, let's kick it off with rihanna, shawn hook, hedley, and christina aguilera; who's with me.
if you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of;-bruce lee; get the most out of this friday;#leapinno.
la liga: betis march on, malaga held to draw: real betis moved up to fourth in the table af.
getting sick right before the ucla football game on saturday &lt;&lt;&lt.
sophos commentary on the latest patch tuesday, including links to the various sophoslabs vulnerability assessment pages:.
plea to probe 'foreign funding' of team anna: the bench had directed the centre on may 30 to treat sharma's plea to the court for pro.
the very same;planning to tweet from the next dons game on saturday.
sir, there are enemies in the white house;something needs to be done today not november 6th;clinton,obama,panetta,petraeus,lamb.
wbb | byu leads the way with three preseason all-wcc selections: 7th-year senior  junior  and sophomore lexi eaton.
elevate tomorrow is going to go offff;make sure you are there to party with us;7pm, wgc,  preaching; boooy; #cityswag.
thunderbolt and lightning may have been very very frightening for queen but it is very very exciting for me.
i get to be mr; miyagi in this episode; "wax on; wax off;" ;) here's the 3rd episode:.
aye can you bring my ucla sweater to school tomorrow?
wow, vincent jackson just missed another td and potentially a 4th by freeman, who is over 400.
found the ice cream in slackers in page just now; loved the drive to page, martian landscapes;monument valley tomorrow.
if you need a new one may i suggest "calle ocho" station; "international love" station; "move shake drop"; etc #dale.
dennison: our offense will have its hands full with mario williams on sunday.
nissan titan : eleven accidents with 22 cars in just over five hours saturday - riverhead local.
sunday weekend argus says marian keyes's the mystery of mercy close is full of the "warmth, wisdom and wit for which she is celebrated".
why are all the great tv shows on a monday night;channel surfing between fashion star and the voice us and the olympics;too much choice.
our second favorite day of the year is tomorrow, come celebrate halfway to st patrick's day with $1 green beer.
bing one-ups knowledge graph, hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results:   it may have retired from the cut-throat world of pr.
always wanted to finish with the sun on my back as a couple of my sporting herod did  gazza &amp; c;waddle.
playing castlepalloza tomorrow, main stage at 1;30 with  then deezer stage at 7;45 with  can't wait.
sylvia, i can't make thursday evening i have an event to go to; can do it saturday if that's ok;#norestforthewicked.
jim rogers: bernanke hasn't done anything right as fed chief ;: from the blog breakout: on september 12 of thi.
gresh and zo discussed the celtics season opener loss to the heat on tuesday night;  rajon.
okay sweet, sorry to be a bum;have a good evening tomorrow, nit said she'd be up for a drink in the week aswell :) x.
on reelz, this would be the 6th episode all new they do however replay episodes occasionally.
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume, april 23.
tracy mcgrady was an injury-prone scoring machine who couldnt get outta the 1st round; overrated.
we will be starting off the night tomorrow for laidback luke and gina turner hope to see you all there;:).
brokenhearted karmin | format: mp3 download (5)release date: may 8, 2012 download:  $0;25 (visit the hot new rel.
the last time the bearcats didn't have walt in the starting lineup, september 12th 2009; 41 straight starts have come since that game.
sophos is the lamest virus ever;: starting september 19, sophos successfully became the lamest;  |infosecisland.
la liga: barca and betis march on, malaga held: real betis moved up to fourth in the table .
espn documentary "the announcement" to air this sunday night at 9pm; do you remember where you were g1a.
we (dwill) was the first to get cooked by jeremy lin then deron came and put dude to bed; i'm sure thats why he may have said it.
miss last friday's soundboard on  we talked mcintire park, stonefield, &amp; more with.
so i'm listening to this beatles' playlist to study for my beatles midterm on friday, and fucking snsd is one of the related videos; #wtf.
what does it take to be an entrepreneur;find out from friars in fashion tomorrow, thu, 4pm, bowab in smith center.
the jasmine brand: bobbi kristina's reality show kicks off october 24th;will you tune in?
well done to the deloitte #2012bctwf winners appearing in the sunday times; #virginactivesa, #miway and #strate are the best employers in sa.
y'ello,the following people have won invites to the headies (main event) tomorrow;  venue: eko hotel and suites,.
shes good;she turned a year old last month and shes going to peru with my mom on saturday.
kina grannis' "in your arms" was just playing on  always playing the best music; happy sunday everyone :).
avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress.
anybody want to play some football tomorrow in doral around 530;hit me up.
i think sean parker is a fuck; he may have a point about it being boring; but the guy is a drug addict idiot that cant hold a job.
oct 15th  nation presents german wave  vol1, the best german mcs you never heard  #run.
ahhhhh i can't wait til laidback luke drops show me love &amp; speak up tomorrow;last time he dropped them sooo hardware;i love him.
one other possibility: hawaii; chow may be done with byu and hawaii may have better options from teams on probation for their dec 7 game.
the addo rose and garden show takes place from tomorrow until sunday at the valentine hall in addo; #easterncape.
this sunday at nikki beach miami legendary oscar g once again bringing done the house;last time we hit over.
well done boyle ;boyle is gearing up for the moone boy "st; patrick's day parade" - 3pm - 5pm tuesday 25th.
may not have; but i just know appeared to be better in early 80s before reagan fired air traffic controllers.
registration open for 2013 land expo with exclusive access to jim rogers; jan 17-18 in west des moines;  #landexpo.
news alarm: tim byrdak (p - nym) tim byrdak is going in for surgery with dr; david altchek in new york tomorrow; (.
iherd jboogie coming to nitemoves foam party #yall know it go dine we he around september 22nd saturday fm 1960 nitemoves leggo.
of an attack with sophos  first european vendor security solutions(@ living tomorrow).
backed the other ruby; error; each way lucky 31 depends on scotsirish, surely quevega won't let me down;may have a punt on the last.
i'm sorry i lack the drawing skills to pay homage to such a great illustrator as jean "moebius" giraud on tuesday sketch 2.
winter jam coming up november 18th;toby mac just announced as headliner;only $10 at the door, no advance tickets needed!
the new head honcho gives his thoughts in tomorrow's argus; business as usual is the gist.
whitney houston's daughter bobbi kristina stars in a new reality show, much of it filmed in atlanta.
the last 2 years serving jesus at karm on friday nights has taught me more about the message of the gospel than i learned in the 32 years b4.
more good news may o and carter can have a beer summit in the gaza strip.
ucla says howland will return for 10th season - ucla announced tuesday that ben howland will remain on the job as me.
can't wait for epik high's comeback perf at inkigayo this sunday;my bommie unnie will join the perf;super excited.
retweet pls: west-end star michael ball with cork youth orchestra, dec 8th &amp; 9th, city hall; tickets from ticketmaster;ie.
reggie wayne has run 64;1% of his routes from the slot; he has 45 targets on those routes, 3rd most in the league.
sone_jai recommends last friday night (t;g;i;f;) by katy perry; listen to it for free on deezer!
listening to duelo, pesado with  so ready for saturday to dance dance dance.
just like me was 4th most requested on aka today;thanks for the support;it's also on flava now!
newcastle utd upping the ante in the 2nd half.
the congrats one;thanks btw; we race at lvms in sept and nov; not sure if i'll do the september one though.
friday's frock is irie's thunderbolt dress by glam;this adorable dress can be worn now with boots (now buy one.
i think i may try the sydney dalton diet;wish me luck.
4 free nascar tickets to the lvms truck race this saturday in vegas (dayton or carson city).
one tip i will give for tomorrow, is a treble; sprinter sacre, hurricane fly and quevega pays nearly 5/1 with ladbrokes #buyingmoney.
mohawk place tonight in buffalo, new york; roll out;tomorrow we play hoosier dome in indianapolis, indiana.
still loving  must see saturday;where else can you be victorious get a big time rush and learn how to rock; luved the episode.
omg;just saw on e news that harry kissed niall at the texas concert on sunday;fangirling.
got my tickets, see you tomorrow chris and levi;time to #mosh.
i hate when ppl do rates on ig &amp; lie;the bitch look like undertaker &amp; you gone give her a 9;7 , c'mon man!
" the walking dead is just a great tv show" its bad ass just started to watch the 2nd season to catch up with the 3rd.
duke energy ceo jim rogers spoke publicly in raleigh for the 1st time since the merger with progress energy; #ncpol.
oh well; president-elect willard mitt romney it will be on november 6th, then.
my only wish on this saturday is for the demon deacons to keep it up and stick to the tarheels.
saturday night in with toast, hot choc &amp;  on e news #happydays.
this is just a friendly reminder that tomorrow is halloween in metroplex.
day 3 of pssas (state tests for 11th grade); test questions and sci scenarios vary greatly; shouldn't they be taking the same exam;#pssa.
jim rogers is also responsible for laying off 1,900 n;c workers in a state that has the 5th highest unemployment rate in the u;s.
omg;i just want to run my fingers thru michael easton's gorgeous hair;watching friday's #gh.
why you wanna txt me on labour day and don't txt back losah;i got an exam on monday morning.
my two west stand lower season tickets for the albion are available tomorrow night versus leeds; let me know if.
i think you should let rushers pick a date;i suggest november 29;important day in rusher history;who agrees?
aug 9th st practice day; we haven't reached st patrick's day yet the snakes are still in ireland - come in and get bitten;$4 snake bites.
sir terry leahy, the man behind tesco's success, is speaking at  in wgc tomorrow:.
fly madness: william hill now 5/4 (real price is 4/6) about hurricane fly wins champion hurdle next tuesday.
"boomerang" will be on snsd's 2nd jp album; not sure if it is the boomerang that was discarded by sm.
come support the center for the art of performance at ucla next friday;in one special evening, grupo fantasma.
they have some really creative things going on at tapanco (calle 68 and 47); for instance, this concert tomorrow.
entered the cape argus pick n pay bike tour; happening in march; in #capetown;  that gets a #woot!
one more movie coming your way this afternoon (it's a biggie; -- and a couple notes on sunday's the walking dead; stay tuned.
one fighting championship makes its triumphant return to singapore indoor stadium this saturday with the rise of.
amazing the things you can learn at shaker's restaurant on a saturday night;wno knew you could drop your kids off here!
problems for newcastle utd with new sponsor as star players may oppose wonga's loans on religious ethical grounds.
i think st patrick would be disapointed if you didnt get a snake up there for the next paddys day;think its on a thurs too?
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume, april 24: csoc shares have traded as high as $;18 over the pas.
boo i wanted to watch inkigayo, but i'll travel tomorrow,so i have to sleep, but i'm with you, in my heart,my soul.
susan boyle lives the dream - sunday night - yahoo; news - yahoo; tv   via.
aww;thank u too;&lt;13  have a nice swift day you too;:) and good luck for tomorrow;i hope you have a wonderfull day;:).
#walkingdead fans ; i will reveal a major spoiler for next week's the walking dead tomorrow at 12est at  pass it on!
hi, would you know about the george  benson show tomorrow at eko hotel;how can one get tickets?
reggie wayne got rocked at the goalline sunday &amp; the other team tried to help him up &amp; he wouldn't let them; thats what i wanna see.
starting my day of awesomeness by seeing taken 2 with steph and mike d; then going food shopping and to monday night football.
u going to laidback luke tomorrow.
the key question;will the rebel still be 40's this time tomorrow for the champion hurdle #rebelfitz #hondarebel #springer #championhurdler.
i have a date with brentley&lt;3 he's never late, every monday;2:30 on the dot (:;#truelove.
da bulls will be good until drose gets back;i figure they will b a solid 4th seed when he returns.
2nd off s/o to morris hall it went dumb tha whole yr memories.
"if you listen to the industry; it's the last resolution you'll ever need" yet japan's "nhk was the 1st to demonstrate 8k in 2008".
dtn bangladesh: khaleda flies to delhi sunday: bnp considers the visit 'very significant' as it is taking place .
xyriel manabat teaches the importance of generosity in "wansapanataym" this saturday  (via.
marami sis; moon that embraces the sun, love rain, scent of a woman, fashion king, king 2 hearts, queen in hyun's man =d.
spotify's sean parker and daniel ek make music -- and some noise: the full d10 interview (video) at the 10th d: all things dig.
i think i may be wasting my time with them;so i will just leave it alone but what comes around goes around;karm is a bitch.
its for i love west leeds festival - going to be in pudsey park 29,30,31 oct;there are 15 boxes in trees for art trail x.
japanese customers paying more for lng according to report: "prior to the great east japan earthquake of march 1.
new hu with the cast of "sullivan &amp; son"     lauria  sat 11pm pt on reelz!
nascar's jimmie johnson wins for 7th time at dover: johnson, knaus and other crew members wore the wacky wig see.
i need everybody to come out to the video shoot tomorrow and support   (club crucial).
remember the 31st of july when i had 2 weeks in maga and leeds festival to come and had not long before seen the stone roses #theglorydays.
la liga: barca and betis march on, malaga held: real betis moved up to fourth in the table after salva sevilla's.
four players remain: merson 86;4m, sylvia 63;5m, balsiger 30;9m, thomas 17;2m; one more bustout tonight and the final three return tuesday.
okay i don't watch how to rock but i may just to look at max shneider's face oh my god; and his voice is amazing; like; kshgkjhzjhsdkhfg.
since pittsburgh shows you love, give some back to the place where it all started and perform at allderdice's prom on may 24.
they had a bit on e news the 29th with adele's announcment and my dad called her a slut and not a good role model; he was.
";omar shaban says the gaza strip may be poor but the west bank's aid-in;" hamas brinkmanship masks quiet confidence.
it is too early to be talkin about throwin that ass at nitemoves on a sunday morning take yall hethen ass to church.
with snsd's new single out just in time for my gig at 7th heaven do you think anyone would notice if i dropped it in?
is it friday yet; the capital home and garden show starts this friday; come see us at booth #535.
we are delighted to have bene asked to play with the slackers in whelans on august 7th;a great way to round off the rebellion weekend.
your relationship may not be incest, bobbi kristina, but it sure is creepy as hell.
richard bland is going to be my plan b, i need to talk to my guidance counselor tomorrow.
tomorrow night at crocodile the rev; j;j;v; &amp; co; headline a benefit for some village in tohoku that got hit.
have you gotten your tickets to see terry mcmillan at the mgm grand on thursday, 11/1;if not, go here to get your.
i can get up for that;  you gotta get andy lee the shirt before thursday's game.
sweeney todd was incredible;shame it finishes on saturday;but imelda staunton was brilliant;as was michel ball &lt;3.
nikki beach miami staff ready to welcome you to made in london amazing sunday brunch.
the 2nd act released onto the future-one line up is the massive organ donors;30th november @ city nightclub, falkirk; #nutcases.
computer security firm sophos confirmed on tuesday suspicions that mac computers around the world ar.
so, crashed a wedding reception and andy lee's bro was in the bridal party; how'd you spend your saturday night;#longstory.
fishing tomorrow at decoy and golf at the old nene friday with devan;#allrounder.
2 tires looked to be a bad decision for knaus; went from dominant to struggling to stay in top 10 in 3 laps; now 7th just in front of 5, 29.
rushers;get btr on saturday night live by tweeting  big time rush #snlmusic;let's make it happen;#time4change.
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume, april 23.
may the odds be ever in your favor;happy halloween from the capitol;;).
clinton, panetta, petraeus we will not #standdown on nov 6 or nov 7 or nov 8th; do the right thing now; #wewillnotletthisgo.
dang, i want some crawfish right now; #may.
but i do agree wit 2nd in east as long as drose sits out most of the year.
you may want to plant bachelor's buttons.
hopefully going to genera with physics, down side is its only 6th years who are going and i don't talk to many #worthitbut.
thing is that if we do separate time on sat, it can make rushers get on dif times so its not all together.
if #un members cud agree on keeping pll with criminal charges out of (central) govt-it may catalyze creation of special courts for vips.
that's horrible news that umbc will wait until 6 am tomorrow to let us know about closing;  hhhhmmmm.
won a ticket to see m83 tonight at the hammerstein ballroom;leaving class and running to 8th ave;see you soon.
#swagcorner at the showdown 2012 final showdown | 4 july 2012 @ kl live.
if anyone's interested in some tickets for the zac brown concert on saturday the tenth,let me know!
well, the theme in uan is winter season i can't feel it they're so hot;hotter than the sun!
take that wrap togo this sunday for the  st; patrick's day parade  on howe street - 11am.
cats go in on jean shorts but ya let jtiii live with his "class act" jean buttoned up on selection sunday.
cherie blair is sat on our coach going to the games;#olympics2012.
kuala lumpur -- the long-haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it would suspend operations to iran, cit .
wednesday, 11/7, will be the second 4sight test of the year for grades 3 - 8;  4sights are pssa "practice tests;".
haha i meant what do you think if i'm taking kl live for my assignment :d so far xde show lagi maybe on september .
u may as well slam tent it all day till roses; whole day in there looks pretty good; start with teengirl fantasy.
we have our pcc candidate  speaking at the morris hall, shrewsbury this friday at 7;30pm; fb event here.
please be on time tonight vips :) there may be a few treats involved!
alpfa meeting tuesday with deloitte; place: cocanougher center  time: 6:45  free chipotle; busn; casual.
#google #hot #trend eva longoria to appear with obama thursday  #teamfollowback gdnews.
wade be playing like tracy mcgrady in the 1st half lol just losing the ball an shit.
1st one's rosemary and rue and unless you've got a specialty fantasy bookstore nearby, you're best going to book depository.
yesterday, it has passed a year and four months since the great east japan earthquake 11 march 2011.
i just don't know if the celtics have a chance this season; also concerned that garnett may need a hug.
the 3rd kibou concert for victims of the japan earthquake is happening tomorrow at 7;30pm - details here:.
tickets purchased to m83 at the hammerstein ballroom on wednesday night.
interested in learning more about lta;join us monday sept 10 at 8pm in morris hall room 130 for (cont).
s/o to the ones taking their ogt tomorrow, stay focused &amp; get that bitch passed.
good afternoon ian wishing you a good day and a fun filled weekend at paleyfest tomorrow.
friday the 13th afgekeken, nu my super psycho sweet 16 kijken met.
busy prepping for zane's pi day tomorrow; pie all day long;also thinking about sheep, but that's to do with the lesson for church tomorrow.
yes, but mothers' day comings from mothering sunday, doesn't it;whereas fathers' day is just a sop to stop them complaining.
fyi, golf fans:  will join moj on wednesday nights to recap big break greenbrier; tonight, he's on at 6:10;  #jamesbb #saucerpass.
you think mr;calle let practice with you guys ,cause i don't have practice tomorrow .
don't hide under your desk;it's just a salsa bomb that we'll be dropping on the metroplex tomorrow; fresh salsa delivery imminent;#yum.
do you know what "there's a lion in the road," means;"slackers, lions, &amp; leadership"  (sun).
